advisors	Americas	Bernardino Rivadavia
advisors	Americas	John Trumbull
advisors	Americas	Juan José Paso
advisors	Americas	Simón Rodriguez
advisors	Americas	Conde de Bobadela
advisors	Americas	Ignacio López Rayón
advisors	Americas	Jerónimo de Aguilar
advisors	Americas	John Rolfe
advisors	Americas	Thayeendaneega
advisors	Americas	Hiawatha
advisors	Americas	J. Carneiro de Campos
advisors	Americas	Gaspar de Portolà
advisors	Americas	Conde da Barca
advisors	Americas	De Bienville
advisors	Americas	D'Argenson
advisors	Americas	Nezahualcoyotl
advisors	Americas	Oconostota
advisors	Americas	Camilo Torres Tenorio
advisors	Americas	William Alexander
advisors	Americas	James Oglethorpe
advisors	Americas	Charles Carroll
advisors	Americas	Luis de Velasco
advisors	Americas	Sir Henry Morgan
advisors	Americas	Comte de Frontenac
advisors	Americas	Francis Hopkinson
advisors	Americas	Pierre de Vaudreuil
advisors	Americas	Luis de Velasco hijo
advisors	Americas	Canacaught
advisors	Americas	Conde de Barbacena
advisors	Americas	Johan Printz
advisors	Americas	De Las Casas
advisors	Americas	Jerônimo de Ornelas
advisors	Americas	José María de Cos
advisors	Americas	Kondiaronk
advisors	Americas	Brims
advisors	Americas	Poincy
advisors	Americas	Rafael de Sobremonte
advisors	Americas	José Sixto Verduzco
advisors	Americas	Andrés Bello
advisors	Americas	Juan B. de Pomar
advisors	Americas	Rumiñahui
advisors	Americas	Juan de Zumárraga
advisors	Americas	Tessouat
advisors	Americas	Manuel Belgrano
advisors	Americas	Malatchi
advisors	Americas	Philip Morin Freneau
advisors	Americas	Tuskaloosa
advisors	Americas	James Madison
advisors	Americas	Juan de Palafox
advisors	Americas	Peter Minuit
advisors	Americas	Manco Inca Yupanqui
advisors	Americas	John Jay
advisors	Americas	A. van der Donck
advisors	Americas	Pontiac
advisors	Americas	José J. de Olmedo
advisors	Americas	Fernão Dias Pais
advisors	Americas	Henry Knox
advisors	Americas	Jean Talon
advisors	Americas	Arthur Lee
advisors	Americas	B. de Sahagún
advisors	Americas	José de Anchieta
advisors	Americas	Tlacotzin
advisors	Americas	William Bradford
advisors	Americas	Eugenio Espejo
advisors	Americas	P. de Vaudreuil
advisors	Americas	Donacona
advisors	Americas	de l'Olive
advisors	Americas	António Lisboa
advisors	Americas	F. Lacerda e Almeida
advisors	Americas	Peter Stuyvesant
advisors	Americas	Teyonhehkwen
advisors	Americas	F. Primo de Verdad
advisors	Americas	D. Álvares Correia
advisors	Americas	José de Acosta
advisors	Americas	George Mason
advisors	Americas	Tomé de Souza
advisors	Americas	Patrick Henry
advisors	Americas	Sir William Phips
advisors	Americas	Deganawida
advisors	Americas	Dugua de Mons
advisors	Americas	Camilo Henríquez
advisors	Americas	Gouverneur Morris
advisors	Americas	Manuel da Nóbrega
advisors	Americas	Antonio de Mendoza
advisors	Americas	David Rittenhouse
advisors	Americas	Thomas West
advisors	Americas	G. Rodrigues Paes
advisors	Americas	Dekanisora
advisors	Americas	Juan José Castelli
advisors	Americas	Benjamin Franklin
advisors	Americas	Louis Hébert
advisors	Americas	Conde de Linhares
advisors	Americas	Guyasuta
advisors	Americas	Pierre Boucher
advisors	Americas	Ahatsistari
advisors	Americas	A. Saldanha da Gama
advisors	Americas	John Adams
advisors	Americas	William Penn
advisors	Americas	Diego F. de Córdoba
advisors	Americas	José M. Domínguez
advisors	Americas	Tomochichi
advisors	Americas	Martín de Alzaga
advisors	Americas	Antonio de Ulloa
advisors	Americas	George Calvert
advisors	Americas	Silas Deane
advisors	Americas	L. Pinto da França
advisors	Americas	Bernabé Cobo
advisors	Americas	Thomas Jefferson
advisors	Americas	Vicente López
advisors	Americas	João Ramalho
advisors	Americas	Attakullakulla
advisors	Americas	James Monroe
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Fischer von Erlach
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Jan Santini Aichel
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Jaroslav Borsita
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Sezyma Rasin
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Vilem Romberk
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Karl von Zinzendorf
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Joachim Vadian
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Leopold Mozart
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Paulus van Vianen
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Johann Cobenzl
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Bernardo Bellotto
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Georg Peurbach
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Jan Amos Komensky
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Ulrich Fugger
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Melchior Klesl
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Franciszek Rakoczy
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Johann Ernst Eberlin
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Hans von Eggenberg
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Michael Gaismar
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Johann Stamitz
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Andreas Stoberl
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Wolfgang A. Mozart
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Johann Bartenstein
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Nikolaus von Kues
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Johann Widman
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Frantisek Kanka
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Diego de Quiroga
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Wilhelm Lamormain
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Maximilian Hell
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Michael Pacher
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Johann Thugut
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Wolfgang von Rumpf
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Joseph Haydn
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Jurij Vega
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Giussepe Arcimboldo
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Petrus Canisius
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Francesco Menegatti
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Conrad Haas
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Ludovico Burnacini
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Primoz Trubar
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Ulrich von Eyczing
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Gregor Joseph Werner
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	C. Anton Migazzi
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Edward Kelley
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Regiomontanus
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Joseph Harrach
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Anton Brus
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Adam Dietrichstein
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Johann Wratislaw
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Janez V. Valvasor
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Andreas Gryphius
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Péter Bornemisza
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Gerard van Swieten
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	C. de Schepper
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Trautmansdorff
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Thomas Murner
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Weisskircher
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Wenzel Anton Kaunitz
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Franz Ferdinand
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Anthony Corfiz
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Georg Tannstetter
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Josef Wenzel
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Antonio Salieri
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Anton Raphael Mengs
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Mercurino Gattinara
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Ludwig van Beethoven
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Anton Fugger
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Muzio Clementi
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Carlo Carlone
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Carlo Agostino Badia
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Rheticus
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Philipp von Hörnigk
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Péter Pázmány
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Franz Joseph Gall
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Joseph Eckhel
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Johann C. Hackhofer
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Anton Tomaz Linhart
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Metternich
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Zdenko Adalbert
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Juraj Thurzo
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Maurus Lindemayr
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Pálffy János IV
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Moreinu ha-Rav Loew
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Johann Lukas
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	István Báthory
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Francis Kinsky
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Franz Mesmer
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Karel starsí
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Christoph W. Gluck
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Tamás Bakócz
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Johann Fux
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Anton von Eggenberg
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Paul Hofhaimer
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Leopold Auenbrugger
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Antonio Bonfini
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Franz Dietrichstein
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Johann Spurzheim
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Jacob Fugger
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Ulrich von Cilli
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Jacob Hutter
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Johannes Cuspinianus
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Johann von Eggenberg
advisors	AustriaHungaryBohemia	Siegmund von Herberstein
advisors	BritishIsles	Jonathan Swift
advisors	BritishIsles	Robert Catesby
advisors	BritishIsles	William Wordsworth
advisors	BritishIsles	Montgomerie
advisors	BritishIsles	John Wilkinson
advisors	BritishIsles	George Savile
advisors	BritishIsles	Erasmus
advisors	BritishIsles	Thomas Roe
advisors	BritishIsles	John Locke
advisors	BritishIsles	Sydney Godolphin
advisors	BritishIsles	Robert Burns
advisors	BritishIsles	Edmond Halley
advisors	BritishIsles	William Paulet
advisors	BritishIsles	William Byrd
advisors	BritishIsles	Edward Poyning
advisors	BritishIsles	Robert Boyle
advisors	BritishIsles	John Knox
advisors	BritishIsles	Henry Purcell
advisors	BritishIsles	Edward Jenner
advisors	BritishIsles	William Laud
advisors	BritishIsles	Edward Gibbon
advisors	BritishIsles	Seathrún Céitinn
advisors	BritishIsles	Samuel Pepys
advisors	BritishIsles	Georg F. Händel
advisors	BritishIsles	Horatio Walpole
advisors	BritishIsles	Richard Arkwright
advisors	BritishIsles	Andrew Melville
advisors	BritishIsles	Ben Jonson
advisors	BritishIsles	Maghnus Ó Domhnaill
advisors	BritishIsles	J. M. W. Turner
advisors	BritishIsles	Henry Grattan
advisors	BritishIsles	John Fortescue
advisors	BritishIsles	Laurence Sterne
advisors	BritishIsles	Francis Walsingham
advisors	BritishIsles	Thomas Cromwell
advisors	BritishIsles	John T. Desaguliers
advisors	BritishIsles	William Tyndale
advisors	BritishIsles	Charles James Fox
advisors	BritishIsles	Thomas Hobbes
advisors	BritishIsles	Francis Hutcheson
advisors	BritishIsles	Robert Harley
advisors	BritishIsles	C. Manners-Sutton
advisors	BritishIsles	William Shakespeare
advisors	BritishIsles	George Berkeley
advisors	BritishIsles	James Douglas
advisors	BritishIsles	James Hutton
advisors	BritishIsles	Edward Colston
advisors	BritishIsles	Richard Talbot
advisors	BritishIsles	John Constable
advisors	BritishIsles	Henry Cavendish
advisors	BritishIsles	Richard Neville
advisors	BritishIsles	Thomas Wolsey
advisors	BritishIsles	John Keats
advisors	BritishIsles	William Blake
advisors	BritishIsles	Hugh Montgomery
advisors	BritishIsles	W. Pitt the Younger
advisors	BritishIsles	Robert Walpole
advisors	BritishIsles	Sir Isaac Newton
advisors	BritishIsles	John Capgrave
advisors	BritishIsles	Adam Smith
advisors	BritishIsles	Thomas Cranmer
advisors	BritishIsles	Percy Bysshe Shelley
advisors	BritishIsles	William Caxton
advisors	BritishIsles	Robert Cecil
advisors	BritishIsles	Dr. Samuel Johnson
advisors	BritishIsles	Lord Byron
advisors	BritishIsles	Samuel T. Coleridge
advisors	BritishIsles	Henry Addington
advisors	BritishIsles	W. Pitt the Elder
advisors	BritishIsles	Wilhelm Herschel
advisors	BritishIsles	John Pym
advisors	BritishIsles	John Hawkins
advisors	BritishIsles	Thomas Telford
advisors	BritishIsles	John Donne
advisors	BritishIsles	Edmund Spenser
advisors	BritishIsles	A. Ashley-Cooper
advisors	BritishIsles	John Wesley
advisors	BritishIsles	Edmund Burke
advisors	BritishIsles	Joseph Priestley
advisors	BritishIsles	Jeremy Bentham
advisors	BritishIsles	David Hume
advisors	BritishIsles	Daniel Defoe
advisors	BritishIsles	Thomas More
advisors	BritishIsles	Christopher Marlowe
advisors	BritishIsles	John Milton
advisors	BritishIsles	Edward Hyde
advisors	BritishIsles	Thomas Wentworth
advisors	BritishIsles	James Ussher
advisors	BritishIsles	Christopher Wren
advisors	BritishIsles	William Cecil
advisors	BritishIsles	John Harrison
advisors	BritishIsles	William Murdoch
advisors	BritishIsles	Joshua Reynolds
advisors	BritishIsles	Alexander Pope
advisors	BritishIsles	Robert Hooke
advisors	BritishIsles	Sir Ambrose Crowley
advisors	BritishIsles	Thomas Butler
advisors	BritishIsles	Walter Scott
advisors	BritishIsles	Thomas Howard
advisors	BritishIsles	Sir Francis Bacon
advisors	BritishIsles	William Harvey
advisors	BritishIsles	William Warham
advisors	BritishIsles	Matthew Hopkins
advisors	BritishIsles	James Watt
advisors	BritishIsles	John Jervis
advisors	BritishIsles	Ó Mathghamhna
advisors	BritishIsles	Thomas Sydenham
advisors	BritishIsles	Joseph Banks
advisors	BritishIsles	Viscount Castlereagh
advisors	BritishIsles	Geoffrey Chaucer
advisors	BritishIsles	Thomas Gainsborough
advisors	BritishIsles	Philip Sidney
advisors	BritishIsles	Charles Middleton
advisors	BritishIsles	William Paterson
advisors	BritishIsles	Robert Boyd
advisors	BritishIsles	John Dryden
advisors	ChinaKoreaJapan	Matsudaira Sadanobu
advisors	ChinaKoreaJapan	Wu Cheng'en
advisors	ChinaKoreaJapan	Jeong Cheol
advisors	ChinaKoreaJapan	Rennyo
advisors	ChinaKoreaJapan	Li Shízhen
advisors	ChinaKoreaJapan	Hishikawa Moronobu
advisors	ChinaKoreaJapan	Shi Lang
advisors	ChinaKoreaJapan	Wang Yangming
advisors	ChinaKoreaJapan	Sen no Rikyu
advisors	ChinaKoreaJapan	Wang Fuzhi
advisors	ChinaKoreaJapan	Ferdinand Verbiest
advisors	ChinaKoreaJapan	Seki Takakazu
advisors	ChinaKoreaJapan	Wei Zhongxian
advisors	ChinaKoreaJapan	Kano Eitoku
advisors	ChinaKoreaJapan	Iwasa Matabei
advisors	ChinaKoreaJapan	Sesshu Toyo
advisors	ChinaKoreaJapan	Tensho Shubun
advisors	ChinaKoreaJapan	Wen Zhenming
advisors	ChinaKoreaJapan	Heki Masatsugu
advisors	ChinaKoreaJapan	Yamamoto Tsunetomo
advisors	ChinaKoreaJapan	Matteo Ricci
advisors	ChinaKoreaJapan	William Adams
advisors	ChinaKoreaJapan	Hattori Hanzo
advisors	ChinaKoreaJapan	Yi Hwang
advisors	ChinaKoreaJapan	Hasekura Tsunenaga
advisors	ChinaKoreaJapan	Heshen
advisors	ChinaKoreaJapan	Je Tsongkhapa
advisors	ChinaKoreaJapan	Xu Yang
advisors	ChinaKoreaJapan	João Rodrigues
advisors	ChinaKoreaJapan	Dong Qichang
advisors	ChinaKoreaJapan	Arai Hakuseki
advisors	ChinaKoreaJapan	Ino Tadataka
advisors	ChinaKoreaJapan	Giuseppe Castiglione
advisors	ChinaKoreaJapan	Cao Zhan
advisors	ChinaKoreaJapan	Yi I
advisors	ChinaKoreaJapan	Kano Masanobu
advisors	ChinaKoreaJapan	Shen Zhou
advisors	ChinaKoreaJapan	Miyamoto Musashi
advisors	ChinaKoreaJapan	Wang Shimin
advisors	ChinaKoreaJapan	Takuan Soho
advisors	ChinaKoreaJapan	Matsuo Basho
advisors	ChinaKoreaJapan	Katsushika Hokusai
advisors	ChinaKoreaJapan	Tang Yin
advisors	ChinaKoreaJapan	Dai Zhen
advisors	ChinaKoreaJapan	Johann Adam Schall
advisors	ChinaKoreaJapan	Huang Zongxi
advisors	ChinaKoreaJapan	Gu Yanwu
advisors	ChinaKoreaJapan	Kano Motonobu
advisors	ChinaKoreaJapan	Honinbo Sansa
advisors	ChinaKoreaJapan	Xú Xiákè
advisors	ChinaKoreaJapan	Nian Gengyao
advisors	ChinaKoreaJapan	Yan Yuan
advisors	ChinaKoreaJapan	Qiu Ying
advisors	ChinaKoreaJapan	Tanuma Okitsugu
advisors	ChinaKoreaJapan	Liu Jin
advisors	FemaleAdvisors	Kosem Sultan
advisors	FemaleAdvisors	Sarah Churchill
advisors	FemaleAdvisors	Welete Bersabe
advisors	FemaleAdvisors	Mary Wollstonecraft
advisors	FemaleAdvisors	Nanye-hi
advisors	FemaleAdvisors	Juana I. de la Cruz
advisors	FemaleAdvisors	Turhan Hatice
advisors	FemaleAdvisors	Zoe Palaiologina
advisors	FemaleAdvisors	Betje Wolff
advisors	FemaleAdvisors	Teresa de JesÃºs
advisors	FemaleAdvisors	DoÃ±a Ana de Mendoza
advisors	FemaleAdvisors	Anastasia Lisovska
advisors	FemaleAdvisors	Artemisia
advisors	FemaleAdvisors	Katharina Galler
advisors	FemaleAdvisors	Aagje Deken
advisors	FemaleAdvisors	Madame de Pompadour
advisors	FemaleAdvisors	NaÃ³d Mogensa
advisors	FemaleAdvisors	M. d'AngoulÃªme
advisors	FemaleAdvisors	Eleni
advisors	FemaleAdvisors	Pocahontas
advisors	FemaleAdvisors	Isabel de Farnesio
advisors	FemaleAdvisors	Sofia Romanova
advisors	FemaleAdvisors	Elena Glinskaya
advisors	FemaleAdvisors	Safiye Baffo
advisors	FemaleAdvisors	Elizabeth BÃ¡thory
advisors	FemaleAdvisors	Y. Vorontsova
advisors	FemaleAdvisors	Bati del Wambara
advisors	FemaleAdvisors	Carolina d'Austria
advisors	FemaleAdvisors	Nurbanu Sultan
advisors	FemaleAdvisors	La Malinche
advisors	FemaleAdvisors	Ãmilie du ChÃ¢telet
advisors	FemaleAdvisors	Zalaszowska
advisors	FemaleAdvisors	SÃ¶yembikÃ¤
advisors	FranceSwizz	Denis Diderot
advisors	FranceSwizz	Charles d'Orléans
advisors	FranceSwizz	Josquin Des Prez
advisors	FranceSwizz	Bernard Palissy
advisors	FranceSwizz	Martin Waldseemüller
advisors	FranceSwizz	Atto Melani
advisors	FranceSwizz	Pierre Broussel
advisors	FranceSwizz	Beaumarchais
advisors	FranceSwizz	Nicolas Chuquet
advisors	FranceSwizz	Pierre-Simon Laplace
advisors	FranceSwizz	Jean Charlier de Gerson
advisors	FranceSwizz	Joseph Guillotin
advisors	FranceSwizz	Pierre Jeannin
advisors	FranceSwizz	Baron de Breteuil
advisors	FranceSwizz	Huldrych Zwingli
advisors	FranceSwizz	François Viète
advisors	FranceSwizz	Jules Mazarin
advisors	FranceSwizz	Jacques Peletier
advisors	FranceSwizz	Nicolas Poussin
advisors	FranceSwizz	Laverdy
advisors	FranceSwizz	Turgot
advisors	FranceSwizz	Cardinal de Rohan
advisors	FranceSwizz	Marquis de Condorcet
advisors	FranceSwizz	D'Alembert
advisors	FranceSwizz	John Law
advisors	FranceSwizz	Lamarck
advisors	FranceSwizz	Duc de Sully
advisors	FranceSwizz	Pierre Gassendi
advisors	FranceSwizz	Johann Wettstein
advisors	FranceSwizz	Jean Calvin
advisors	FranceSwizz	Blaise Pascal
advisors	FranceSwizz	Michel de Montaigne
advisors	FranceSwizz	Jean de La Fontaine
advisors	FranceSwizz	Condillac
advisors	FranceSwizz	Jean-Baptiste Lully
advisors	FranceSwizz	Jean Ango
advisors	FranceSwizz	Guillaume Dufay
advisors	FranceSwizz	André-Marie Ampère
advisors	FranceSwizz	Antoine Lavoisier
advisors	FranceSwizz	Colbert
advisors	FranceSwizz	Etienne Chevalier
advisors	FranceSwizz	Petrus Ramus
advisors	FranceSwizz	Vauban
advisors	FranceSwizz	Comte de Vergennes
advisors	FranceSwizz	Brienne
advisors	FranceSwizz	J.B. de Gribeauval
advisors	FranceSwizz	Nostradamus
advisors	FranceSwizz	Bossuet
advisors	FranceSwizz	Stendhal
advisors	FranceSwizz	Baron de Pujols
advisors	FranceSwizz	Guillaume Budé
advisors	FranceSwizz	Georges Danton
advisors	FranceSwizz	Joachim du Bellay
advisors	FranceSwizz	Claude Bouthillier
advisors	FranceSwizz	Robert Estienne
advisors	FranceSwizz	Jean-Antoine de Baïf
advisors	FranceSwizz	Guillaume Delisle
advisors	FranceSwizz	Jean Bodin
advisors	FranceSwizz	Hugues de Lionne
advisors	FranceSwizz	Philippe de Commines
advisors	FranceSwizz	Pierre Paul Prud'hon
advisors	FranceSwizz	Ambroise Paré
advisors	FranceSwizz	Firmin Abauzit
advisors	FranceSwizz	Jacques Necker
advisors	FranceSwizz	Comte de Buffon
advisors	FranceSwizz	Marquis de Sade
advisors	FranceSwizz	Michel de l'Hôpital
advisors	FranceSwizz	Robespierre
advisors	FranceSwizz	Jacques de Beaune
advisors	FranceSwizz	Alexandre de Rhodes
advisors	FranceSwizz	Pierre Favre
advisors	FranceSwizz	D'Artagnan
advisors	FranceSwizz	Sébastien Castellion
advisors	FranceSwizz	Nicolas F. Mollien
advisors	FranceSwizz	Théodore Géricault
advisors	FranceSwizz	François Quesnay
advisors	FranceSwizz	François Villon
advisors	FranceSwizz	Antoine Watteau
advisors	FranceSwizz	Jean Fernel
advisors	FranceSwizz	Jean Froissart
advisors	FranceSwizz	Pierre de Fermat
advisors	FranceSwizz	Pierre Corneille
advisors	FranceSwizz	Nicolas Fouquet
advisors	FranceSwizz	Marquis d'Argenson
advisors	FranceSwizz	Jacques Coeur
advisors	FranceSwizz	Michault Taillevent
advisors	FranceSwizz	Jean Jouvenel des Ursins
advisors	FranceSwizz	Voltaire
advisors	FranceSwizz	Henry Estienne
advisors	FranceSwizz	François Rabelais
advisors	FranceSwizz	Laffemas
advisors	FranceSwizz	Jean-Philippe Rameau
advisors	FranceSwizz	Jakob Bernoulli
advisors	FranceSwizz	Pierre Charron
advisors	FranceSwizz	Louis de Saint-Just
advisors	FranceSwizz	Comte d'Argenson
advisors	FranceSwizz	Primaticcio
advisors	FranceSwizz	Pierre d'Ailly
advisors	FranceSwizz	Lefèvre d'Étaples
advisors	FranceSwizz	Rousseau
advisors	FranceSwizz	Antoine Arnauld
advisors	FranceSwizz	Gilles Binchois
advisors	FranceSwizz	Jean-Paul Marat
advisors	FranceSwizz	Conrad Gessner
advisors	FranceSwizz	Richelieu
advisors	FranceSwizz	Louvois
advisors	FranceSwizz	Pierre de Ronsard
advisors	FranceSwizz	Chevalier d'Éon
advisors	FranceSwizz	Jean Racine
advisors	FranceSwizz	Jean Bourré
advisors	FranceSwizz	Adrien-Marie Legendre
advisors	FranceSwizz	Molière
advisors	FranceSwizz	Montesquieu
advisors	FranceSwizz	Talleyrand
advisors	FranceSwizz	Giovanni Cassini
advisors	Germany	Samuel Hahnemann
advisors	Germany	Johannes Valentin
advisors	Germany	Novalis
advisors	Germany	M. Hoe von Hohenegg
advisors	Germany	Zinzendorf
advisors	Germany	Carl Friedrich Gauss
advisors	Germany	Franz von Sickingen
advisors	Germany	Johannes Kepler
advisors	Germany	Andreas Karlstadt
advisors	Germany	Jakob Wimpfeling
advisors	Germany	Christian Wolff
advisors	Germany	Paracelsus
advisors	Germany	Weckherlin
advisors	Germany	Johann Jacob Moser
advisors	Germany	Friedrich von Gentz
advisors	Germany	Johannes Trithemius
advisors	Germany	Isaac Volmar
advisors	Germany	Philipp Apian
advisors	Germany	Johannes Reuchlin
advisors	Germany	Philipp Melanchthon
advisors	Germany	Christoph Fugger
advisors	Germany	Joseph Oppenheimer
advisors	Germany	Martin Opitz
advisors	Germany	Otto von Guericke
advisors	Germany	Caspar D. Friedrich
advisors	Germany	Thomas Müntzer
advisors	Germany	Martin H. Klaproth
advisors	Germany	Hermann Conring
advisors	Germany	Johann A. Bengel
advisors	Germany	Johann Pachelbel
advisors	Germany	Hubert Languet
advisors	Germany	Albrecht Altdorfer
advisors	Germany	Leonhart Fuchs
advisors	Germany	Petrus Apianus
advisors	Germany	Albrecht von Haller
advisors	Germany	Johann Gottlob Justi
advisors	Germany	Andreas Cellarius
advisors	Germany	Johannes Gutenberg
advisors	Germany	Erhard Weigel
advisors	Germany	Johann S. Bach
advisors	Germany	Jacob Andreae
advisors	Germany	Moses Mendelssohn
advisors	Germany	Johann Moscherosch
advisors	Germany	Leonhard Euler
advisors	Germany	Nikolaus Krell
advisors	Germany	Johannes Gropper
advisors	Germany	Lessing
advisors	Germany	Georg Ernst Stahl
advisors	Germany	Adam Contzen
advisors	Germany	Holbein der Jüngere
advisors	Germany	Johann Heinrich Voß
advisors	Germany	Johann Pasqualini
advisors	Germany	Johann P. L. Withof
advisors	Germany	Schwarzenberg
advisors	Germany	E. T. A. Hoffmann
advisors	Germany	Johann W. von Goethe
advisors	Germany	Mayer A. Rothschild
advisors	Germany	Holbein der Ältere
advisors	Germany	Ludwig Camerarius
advisors	Germany	Johannes Eck
advisors	Germany	Heinrich vom Stein
advisors	Germany	Johann G. Fichte
advisors	Germany	Friedrich Stolberg
advisors	Germany	Abraham Scultetus
advisors	Germany	Matthias Illyricus
advisors	Germany	Camerarius
advisors	Germany	F. W. J. Schelling
advisors	Germany	Friedrich Schiller
advisors	Germany	Immanuel Kant
advisors	Germany	Adam Adami
advisors	Germany	Friedrich Hölderlin
advisors	Germany	H. Eobanus Hessus
advisors	Germany	A. von Humboldt
advisors	Germany	Georg P. Telemann
advisors	Germany	Michael Praetorius
advisors	Germany	Hans von Aachen
advisors	Germany	Benjamin Thompson
advisors	Germany	Martin Luther
advisors	Germany	Paul Gerhardt
advisors	Germany	Cranach der Ältere
advisors	Germany	Heinrich Schütz
advisors	Germany	Albrecht Dürer
advisors	Germany	Grimmelshausen
advisors	Germany	Martin Chemnitz
advisors	Germany	Johann G. Herder
advisors	Germany	Martin Bucer
advisors	Germany	Georg W. F. Hegel
advisors	Germany	Johann von Welsch
advisors	Germany	Jakob Böhme
advisors	Germany	Samuel von Pufendorf
advisors	Germany	Wilhelm von Humboldt
advisors	Germany	Gottfried Leibniz
advisors	Germany	Schleiermacher
advisors	Germany	Seckendorf
advisors	Germany	von Wittgenstein
advisors	Germany	August H. Francke
advisors	Germany	Christoph M. Wieland
advisors	Germany	Nikolaus Krebs
advisors	Germany	George Spalatin
advisors	Germany	Cranach der Jüngere
advisors	Germany	Barthold H. Brockes
advisors	Germany	Johann Winckelmann
advisors	Germany	Klopstock
advisors	Germany	Joachim Jungius
advisors	Germany	Achatius von Dohna
advisors	Germany	Heinrich Fürst
advisors	Germany	K. A. von Hardenberg
advisors	Germany	Christoph Scheiner
advisors	Germany	Johannes Agricola
advisors	Germany	Johann C. Gottsched
advisors	Germany	G. C. Lichtenberg
advisors	Germany	Georg Ridinger
advisors	Germany	Johann R. von Patkul
advisors	Germany	Paul Fleming
advisors	Germany	Georgius Agricola
advisors	Germany	F. von Stadion
advisors	Iberia	Francisco de Vitoria
advisors	Iberia	Francisco de Lorenzana
advisors	Iberia	Gaspar de Jovellanos
advisors	Iberia	Ribeiro Sanches
advisors	Iberia	Garcia de Resende
advisors	Iberia	Joanot Martorell
advisors	Iberia	F. Mtnez de la Rosa
advisors	Iberia	Francisco Xavier
advisors	Iberia	Alonso Berruguete
advisors	Iberia	F. Mendonça e Meneses
advisors	Iberia	Gaspar Sanz
advisors	Iberia	Juan G. Ripperdá
advisors	Iberia	Francisco Goya
advisors	Iberia	João de Barros
advisors	Iberia	Leopoldo de Gregorio
advisors	Iberia	Dom Luís de Meneses
advisors	Iberia	Henrique o Navegador
advisors	Iberia	Juan de la Cruz
advisors	Iberia	Bartolomé E. Murillo
advisors	Iberia	Fernão Lopes
advisors	Iberia	Garcilaso de la Vega
advisors	Iberia	Baltasar de Ayala
advisors	Iberia	Pedro Gómez Labrador
advisors	Iberia	Fernando de Rojas
advisors	Iberia	Giulio Alberoni
advisors	Iberia	Francisco de Saavedra
advisors	Iberia	Juan José Elhuyar
advisors	Iberia	Miguel de Cervantes
advisors	Iberia	Pedro Navarro
advisors	Iberia	Tomás L. de Victoria
advisors	Iberia	Francisco Álvares
advisors	Iberia	Bartolomeu de Gusmão
advisors	Iberia	José Patiño
advisors	Iberia	F. A. de la Dueña
advisors	Iberia	Alonso Cano
advisors	Iberia	Francisco Suárez
advisors	Iberia	Lope de Vega
advisors	Iberia	Antoine de Granvelle
advisors	Iberia	Juan de Escobedo
advisors	Iberia	Dom Luís da Cunha
advisors	Iberia	Francisco de Quevedo
advisors	Iberia	Francisco Ramirez
advisors	Iberia	Vicente Cervantes
advisors	Iberia	El Greco
advisors	Iberia	António Vieira
advisors	Iberia	Duarte Fernandes
advisors	Iberia	Leandro de Moratín
advisors	Iberia	Duque de Osuna
advisors	Iberia	Garcia de Orta
advisors	Iberia	Damião de Góis
advisors	Iberia	Conde-Duque Olivares
advisors	Iberia	Garção Stockler
advisors	Iberia	Juan Meléndez Valdés
advisors	Iberia	Francisco Zurbarán
advisors	Iberia	Francisco Ravago
advisors	Iberia	Uriel da Costa
advisors	Iberia	Diego Velázquez
advisors	Iberia	Farinelli
advisors	Iberia	F. Saldanha da Gama
advisors	Iberia	Gomes Eanes de Zurara
advisors	Iberia	Conde de Schomberg
advisors	Iberia	Jorge Manrique
advisors	Iberia	Fray Luis de León
advisors	Iberia	Sá de Miranda
advisors	Iberia	Duque de Lafões
advisors	Iberia	Juan B. de Toledo
advisors	Iberia	Bocage
advisors	Iberia	Pedro Nunes
advisors	Iberia	Nicolas de Granvelle
advisors	Iberia	Rodrigo Calderón
advisors	Iberia	Hernando del Pulgar
advisors	Iberia	Conde de Aranda
advisors	Iberia	Mateo Alemán
advisors	Iberia	Carlos Seixas
advisors	Iberia	Correia da Serra
advisors	Iberia	Nuno Álvares Pereira
advisors	Iberia	José de Mazarredo
advisors	Iberia	Vasconcelos e Sousa
advisors	Iberia	Cardenal Cisneros
advisors	Iberia	Luís António Verney
advisors	Iberia	Mariano L. de Urquijo
advisors	Iberia	Fernão Mendes Pinto
advisors	Iberia	Pina Manique
advisors	Iberia	Luis de Requesens
advisors	Iberia	Antonio Perez
advisors	Iberia	Fernão Gomes
advisors	Iberia	F. Martínez Marina
advisors	Iberia	André de Resende
advisors	Iberia	Francisco de Borja
advisors	Iberia	Manuel de Godoy
advisors	Iberia	Ignacio de Loyola
advisors	Iberia	Vicente Espinel
advisors	Iberia	Francisco M. de Melo
advisors	Iberia	Fausto Elhuyar
advisors	Iberia	João Gonçalves Zarco
advisors	Iberia	Pero Vaz de Caminha
advisors	Iberia	Juan Ruiz de Alarcón
advisors	Iberia	Duque de Lerma
advisors	Iberia	Claudio Coello
advisors	Iberia	Baltasar Gracián
advisors	Iberia	Pedro Arbués
advisors	Iberia	Abade de Rebordãos
advisors	Iberia	Juan de Herrera
advisors	Iberia	Juan Sempere
advisors	Iberia	Faustino Arévalo
advisors	Iberia	Eusebio B. Azara
advisors	Iberia	Miguel Servet
advisors	Iberia	Lo Spagnoletto
advisors	Iberia	Machado de Castro
advisors	Iberia	Gil Vicente
advisors	Iberia	Calderón de la Barca
advisors	Iberia	Pedro de Campomanes
advisors	Iberia	Luís de Camões
advisors	Iberia	José Pereira Simões
advisors	Iberia	Antonio de Nebrija
advisors	Iberia	Fernão P. de Andrade
advisors	Iberia	José Moñino
advisors	Iberia	Marquês de Pombal
advisors	Iberia	Juan Orendain
advisors	Iberia	António Teixeira Rebelo
advisors	Iberia	Tomás de Torquemada
advisors	Iberia	F. Cea Bermúdez
advisors	Iberia	Luis de Góngora
advisors	Iberia	Duque de Palmela
advisors	IndiaSouthEastAsia	Yamada Nagamasa
advisors	IndiaSouthEastAsia	Saiyid Sultan
advisors	IndiaSouthEastAsia	Constantine Phaulkon
advisors	IndiaSouthEastAsia	Mahmud Gawan
advisors	IndiaSouthEastAsia	Todar Mal
advisors	IndiaSouthEastAsia	Chaitanya Mahaprabhu
advisors	IndiaSouthEastAsia	Sant Dariya Saheb
advisors	IndiaSouthEastAsia	Marcelis Boschower
advisors	IndiaSouthEastAsia	Nanjiraj
advisors	IndiaSouthEastAsia	Warren Hastings
advisors	IndiaSouthEastAsia	Achyuta Pisharati
advisors	IndiaSouthEastAsia	Tulsidas
advisors	IndiaSouthEastAsia	Tansen
advisors	IndiaSouthEastAsia	Narenappa Nayaka
advisors	IndiaSouthEastAsia	Kabir
advisors	IndiaSouthEastAsia	Purandara Dasa
advisors	IndiaSouthEastAsia	Jyeshtadeva
advisors	IndiaSouthEastAsia	Amanna Gappa
advisors	IndiaSouthEastAsia	Murshid Quli Khan
advisors	IndiaSouthEastAsia	Prajna Bhatta
advisors	IndiaSouthEastAsia	Brug-rgyas
advisors	IndiaSouthEastAsia	Allasani Peddana
advisors	IndiaSouthEastAsia	Asaf Khan
advisors	IndiaSouthEastAsia	Ramaraya
advisors	IndiaSouthEastAsia	Nizam-ul-Mulk
advisors	IndiaSouthEastAsia	Lally
advisors	IndiaSouthEastAsia	Tun Sri Lanang
advisors	IndiaSouthEastAsia	Guru Gobind Singh
advisors	IndiaSouthEastAsia	Gaga Bhatt
advisors	IndiaSouthEastAsia	Tenali Rama
advisors	IndiaSouthEastAsia	Raghunathrao
advisors	IndiaSouthEastAsia	Tarabai
advisors	IndiaSouthEastAsia	Ambanwela Rala
advisors	IndiaSouthEastAsia	Guru Raghavendra
advisors	IndiaSouthEastAsia	Tukaram
advisors	IndiaSouthEastAsia	Daeng Parani
advisors	IndiaSouthEastAsia	Tun Perak
advisors	IndiaSouthEastAsia	Mirabai
advisors	IndiaSouthEastAsia	Jan Pieterszoon Coen
advisors	IndiaSouthEastAsia	Malik Ambar
advisors	IndiaSouthEastAsia	Sripadaraya
advisors	IndiaSouthEastAsia	Shahaji Bhonsle
advisors	IndiaSouthEastAsia	Jao Phraya Surasee
advisors	IndiaSouthEastAsia	Alavi Shirazi
advisors	IndiaSouthEastAsia	Pieter de Carpentier
advisors	IndiaSouthEastAsia	Claude de Forbin
advisors	IndiaSouthEastAsia	Sri Rahula Sthavira
advisors	IndiaSouthEastAsia	Pieter Both
advisors	IndiaSouthEastAsia	Abd al-Samad
advisors	IndiaSouthEastAsia	Abraham van Riebeeck
advisors	IndiaSouthEastAsia	Annamayya
advisors	IndiaSouthEastAsia	Antonius van Diemen
advisors	IndiaSouthEastAsia	Dupleix
advisors	IndiaSouthEastAsia	Abul Fazl
advisors	Italy	Domenico Scarlatti
advisors	Italy	Anastasius Germonius
advisors	Italy	Michelangelo
advisors	Italy	Luca Pacioli
advisors	Italy	Donatello
advisors	Italy	Carlo Goldoni
advisors	Italy	Andrea Mantegna
advisors	Italy	Aldus Manutius
advisors	Italy	Mondion
advisors	Italy	Fra Angelico
advisors	Italy	Francesco Cavalli
advisors	Italy	Giovanni Gabrieli
advisors	Italy	Riccioli
advisors	Italy	Giovanni Borelli
advisors	Italy	Girolamo Fracastoro
advisors	Italy	Alessandro Grandi
advisors	Italy	Niccolò Machiavelli
advisors	Italy	Vincenzo Giustiniani
advisors	Italy	Agostino Steffani
advisors	Italy	Giacomo Carissimi
advisors	Italy	Pietro Aldobrandini
advisors	Italy	Metastasio
advisors	Italy	Lazzaro Spallanzani
advisors	Italy	Filippo Brunelleschi
advisors	Italy	Niccolò Tartaglia
advisors	Italy	Paolo Uccello
advisors	Italy	Marcello Malpighi
advisors	Italy	Roberto Bellarmino
advisors	Italy	Parmigianino
advisors	Italy	Alessandro Algardi
advisors	Italy	Giovanni Bellini
advisors	Italy	Girolamo Saccheri
advisors	Italy	Lorenzo Ghiberti
advisors	Italy	Piero
advisors	Italy	Caravaggio
advisors	Italy	Leone Leoni
advisors	Italy	Francesco Guardi
advisors	Italy	Bernardino Ramazzini
advisors	Italy	Leon Battista Alberti
advisors	Italy	Tintoretto
advisors	Italy	Raffaello
advisors	Italy	Torricelli
advisors	Italy	Arcangelo Corelli
advisors	Italy	Verrocchio
advisors	Italy	Giambattista Vico
advisors	Italy	Carlo Borromeo
advisors	Italy	Pietro Accolti
advisors	Italy	Fra Paolo
advisors	Italy	Annibale Carracci
advisors	Italy	Giovanni Tiepolo
advisors	Italy	Gian Lorenzo Bernini
advisors	Italy	Alessandro Scarlatti
advisors	Italy	Palestrina
advisors	Italy	Ercole Consalvi
advisors	Italy	Nicola Vicentino
advisors	Italy	Giovanni B. Gaulli
advisors	Italy	Tiziano Vecelli
advisors	Italy	Antonio Canova
advisors	Italy	Lorenzo de Tonti
advisors	Italy	Leonardo da Vinci
advisors	Italy	Girolamo Savonarola
advisors	Italy	Castiglione
advisors	Italy	Galileo Galilei
advisors	Italy	Matteo R. Colombo
advisors	Italy	Gasparo Aselli
advisors	Italy	Giordano Bruno
advisors	Italy	Luigi Galvani
advisors	Italy	Vittorio Alfieri
advisors	Italy	Antonio Vivaldi
advisors	Italy	Gerolamo Cardano
advisors	Italy	Benvenuto Cellini
advisors	Italy	Luca Pitti
advisors	Italy	Andreas Vesalius
advisors	Italy	Torquato Tasso
advisors	Italy	Francesco Redi
advisors	Italy	Claudio Monteverdi
advisors	Italy	Sandro Botticelli
advisors	Italy	Andrea Cesalpino
advisors	Italy	Giacomo Casanova
advisors	Italy	Giorgione
advisors	Italy	Pietro Aretino
advisors	Italy	Santorre Santorio
advisors	Italy	Pico della Mirandola
advisors	Italy	Canaletto
advisors	Italy	Bartolomeo Eustachi
advisors	Italy	Scipione Borghese
advisors	Italy	Gabriele Falloppio
advisors	Italy	Del Monte
advisors	Italy	Alessandro Volta
advisors	Italy	Emilio de' Cavalieri
advisors	Italy	Filippino Lippi
advisors	Italy	Giovanni Morgagni
advisors	Italy	Giorgio Vasari
advisors	Italy	Guicciardini
advisors	Italy	Cavalieri
advisors	Italy	Francesco Grimaldi
advisors	Italy	Ludovico Ariosto
advisors	Italy	Rodolfo Pio da Carpi
advisors	Italy	Giovanni Pergolesi
advisors	Italy	Domenico Zampieri
advisors	Lowlands	Constantijn Huygens
advisors	Lowlands	Pieter Paul Rubens
advisors	Lowlands	B. van Assendelff
advisors	Lowlands	Daniël Papebrochius
advisors	Lowlands	Schimmelpenninck
advisors	Lowlands	Abraham Ortelius
advisors	Lowlands	Antoon Van Dijck
advisors	Lowlands	Menno van Coehoorn
advisors	Lowlands	Willem Buys
advisors	Lowlands	Jacob Cats
advisors	Lowlands	P. Brueghel de Oude
advisors	Lowlands	Jan Swammerdam
advisors	Lowlands	Jan Ingenhousz
advisors	Lowlands	Van Leeuwenhoek
advisors	Lowlands	Johannes Ockeghem
advisors	Lowlands	Daniel Heinsius
advisors	Lowlands	Frans Hals
advisors	Lowlands	Christiaan Huygens
advisors	Lowlands	Johan de Witt
advisors	Lowlands	Cornelis Jansen
advisors	Lowlands	Gabriel Fahrenheit
advisors	Lowlands	Joan van Alderwerelt
advisors	Lowlands	Mercator
advisors	Lowlands	Guillaume Dufay
advisors	Lowlands	Johan W. Gansfort
advisors	Lowlands	Orlandus Lassus
advisors	Lowlands	Rhijnvis Feith
advisors	Lowlands	Filips Wielant
advisors	Lowlands	Jean Bolland
advisors	Lowlands	Jan van Eyck
advisors	Lowlands	Willem Bilderdijk
advisors	Lowlands	Christoffel Plantijn
advisors	Lowlands	Gerbrand A. Bredero
advisors	Lowlands	Anthonie Heinsius
advisors	Lowlands	J. van der Capellen
advisors	Lowlands	Teniers de Jonge
advisors	Lowlands	Hieronymus Bosch
advisors	Lowlands	Van Oldenbarneveldt
advisors	Lowlands	Jan van Helmont
advisors	Lowlands	Joan Blaeu
advisors	Lowlands	René Descartes
advisors	Lowlands	Simon Stevin
advisors	Lowlands	Gaspar Fagel
advisors	Lowlands	Gerardus Vossius
advisors	Lowlands	Hugo Grotius
advisors	Lowlands	Van Slingelandt
advisors	Lowlands	Adriaan van der Goes
advisors	Lowlands	Baruch Spinoza
advisors	Lowlands	Joost van den Vondel
advisors	Lowlands	Johannes Vermeer
advisors	Lowlands	Pieter Gillis
advisors	Lowlands	Willem 's Gravesande
advisors	Lowlands	Godfried Henschenius
advisors	Lowlands	Eise Eisinga
advisors	Lowlands	Pieter C. Hooft
advisors	Lowlands	Herman Boerhaave
advisors	Lowlands	Jacob Jordaens
advisors	Lowlands	Van Linschoten
advisors	Lowlands	Rembrandt van Rijn
advisors	Lowlands	Jacob van Ruysdael
advisors	Lowlands	R. van der Weyden
advisors	Lowlands	Jan Steen
advisors	Lowlands	Hans Memling
advisors	Lowlands	Thomas a Kempis
advisors	Lowlands	H. van Beverningk
advisors	NorthAfricaEgyptPersia	Hammad al Majdhub
advisors	NorthAfricaEgyptPersia	Eskandar Beg Monshi
advisors	NorthAfricaEgyptPersia	Ibn Hajar al-Asqalani
advisors	NorthAfricaEgyptPersia	Mattheus
advisors	NorthAfricaEgyptPersia	al-Mutawakkil III
advisors	NorthAfricaEgyptPersia	Ali Sir Nevai
advisors	NorthAfricaEgyptPersia	Nurbakhshi
advisors	NorthAfricaEgyptPersia	Magtymguly Pyragy
advisors	NorthAfricaEgyptPersia	Aqkirmani
advisors	NorthAfricaEgyptPersia	Sir Thomas Herbert
advisors	NorthAfricaEgyptPersia	Dositheos II
advisors	NorthAfricaEgyptPersia	Ahmed Baba
advisors	NorthAfricaEgyptPersia	Samouil I
advisors	NorthAfricaEgyptPersia	Amin Razi
advisors	NorthAfricaEgyptPersia	Mir Damad
advisors	NorthAfricaEgyptPersia	Muhammad Yusuf
advisors	NorthAfricaEgyptPersia	Charles Poncet
advisors	NorthAfricaEgyptPersia	Reza Abbasi
advisors	NorthAfricaEgyptPersia	Kamal eddin Behzad
advisors	NorthAfricaEgyptPersia	Etienne Regnault
advisors	NorthAfricaEgyptPersia	Jao Batisto Cairato
advisors	NorthAfricaEgyptPersia	F. Honorato da Costa
advisors	NorthAfricaEgyptPersia	Sihab ad-Din Admad
advisors	NorthAfricaEgyptPersia	Anthony Shirley
advisors	NorthAfricaEgyptPersia	James Bruce
advisors	NorthAfricaEgyptPersia	Paulo Dias de Novais
advisors	NorthAfricaEgyptPersia	Fuzûlî
advisors	NorthAfricaEgyptPersia	Ahmad ibn Majid
advisors	NorthAfricaEgyptPersia	Kyrillos VI
advisors	NorthAfricaEgyptPersia	Sultan Muhammad
advisors	NorthAfricaEgyptPersia	Chaahbadine
advisors	NorthAfricaEgyptPersia	Leo Africanus
advisors	NorthAfricaEgyptPersia	Mahmud Haydar
advisors	NorthAfricaEgyptPersia	Alisher Navoi
advisors	NorthAfricaEgyptPersia	Fakhr-al-Din II
advisors	NorthAfricaEgyptPersia	Ali Bey Al-Kabir
advisors	NorthAfricaEgyptPersia	Sir Robert Shirley
advisors	NorthAfricaEgyptPersia	Ras Mikael Sehul
advisors	NorthAfricaEgyptPersia	Mulla Sadra
advisors	NorthAfricaEgyptPersia	M. de la Bourdonnais
advisors	NorthAfricaEgyptPersia	Yoannis XVI
advisors	NorthAfricaEgyptPersia	Jami
advisors	NorthAfricaEgyptPersia	ibn Yusuf al-Harawi
advisors	NorthAfricaEgyptPersia	Imad al-Din Mahmud
advisors	NorthAfricaEgyptPersia	Jan van Riebeeck
advisors	NorthAfricaEgyptPersia	C. Pereira de Azevedo
advisors	NorthAfricaEgyptPersia	Markos
advisors	PolandRussia	Patriarch Ignatius
advisors	PolandRussia	Kirill Razumovsky
advisors	PolandRussia	Fioravanti
advisors	PolandRussia	Fedot Shubin
advisors	PolandRussia	Ph. von Strahlenberg
advisors	PolandRussia	F. Jagiellonczyk
advisors	PolandRussia	Jan Dlugosz
advisors	PolandRussia	Dionysius II
advisors	PolandRussia	Piotr Poweski
advisors	PolandRussia	Andrzej Modrzewski
advisors	PolandRussia	Michal Wisniowiecki
advisors	PolandRussia	Malyuta Skuratov
advisors	PolandRussia	Caspar F. Wolff
advisors	PolandRussia	Qosçaq
advisors	PolandRussia	Francesco Lismanini
advisors	PolandRussia	Piotr Tomicki
advisors	PolandRussia	Aleksei Bestuzhev-Ryumin
advisors	PolandRussia	Jan F. Tarnowski
advisors	PolandRussia	Patriarch Nikon
advisors	PolandRussia	Wit Stwosz
advisors	PolandRussia	Vasily Dolgorukov
advisors	PolandRussia	Aleksandr Gorbaty-Shuisky
advisors	PolandRussia	Lew Sapieha
advisors	PolandRussia	Giorgio Biandrata
advisors	PolandRussia	Nikita Zakharyin-Yuryev
advisors	PolandRussia	Lestocq
advisors	PolandRussia	Jan Zamoyski
advisors	PolandRussia	Iosif Volotsky
advisors	PolandRussia	Boris Golitsyn
advisors	PolandRussia	Metropolitan Philip
advisors	PolandRussia	Fyodor Rokotov
advisors	PolandRussia	Theophan Prokopovich
advisors	PolandRussia	Ivan Dmitrievsky
advisors	PolandRussia	Vassian Patrikeyev
advisors	PolandRussia	Adam Wisniowiecki
advisors	PolandRussia	Grigory Orlov
advisors	PolandRussia	Mikhail Vorontsov
advisors	PolandRussia	Filip Callimachus
advisors	PolandRussia	Aleksei Razumovsky
advisors	PolandRussia	Konstanty Ostrogski
advisors	PolandRussia	Nil Sorsky
advisors	PolandRussia	Mikhail Lomonosov
advisors	PolandRussia	Bartolomeo Berecci
advisors	PolandRussia	Fyodor Volkov
advisors	PolandRussia	Patriarch Iov
advisors	PolandRussia	Karl Nesselrode
advisors	PolandRussia	Waclaw z Szamotul
advisors	PolandRussia	Ordin-Nashchokin
advisors	PolandRussia	Vasily Golitsyn
advisors	PolandRussia	Rafal Leszczynski
advisors	PolandRussia	Ivan Shuvalov
advisors	PolandRussia	Tommaso Traetta
advisors	PolandRussia	Aleksandr Menshikov
advisors	PolandRussia	Wojciech z Brudzewa
advisors	PolandRussia	Grzegorz of Sanok
advisors	PolandRussia	Pyotr Shuvalov
advisors	PolandRussia	Nikita Panin
advisors	PolandRussia	Fyodor Rtishchev
advisors	PolandRussia	Artemy Volynsky
advisors	PolandRussia	Aleksandr Buturlin
advisors	PolandRussia	Jan Ostroróg
advisors	PolandRussia	Vasily Kapnist
advisors	PolandRussia	Jan Boner
advisors	PolandRussia	Epifany Slavinetsky
advisors	PolandRussia	Vasily Tatishchev
advisors	PolandRussia	Maksim Grek
advisors	PolandRussia	Jan Laski
advisors	PolandRussia	Hans Dürer
advisors	PolandRussia	António de Vieira
advisors	PolandRussia	Szymon Starowolski
advisors	PolandRussia	Artamon Matveev
advisors	PolandRussia	Grigory Potemkin
advisors	PolandRussia	Aleksandr Shuvalov
advisors	PolandRussia	Patriarch Filaret
advisors	PolandRussia	Pyotr Shafirov
advisors	PolandRussia	Dmitry Mikhailovich
advisors	PolandRussia	Cornelius Cruys
advisors	PolandRussia	Dmitriy Golitsyn
advisors	PolandRussia	Qolsärif
advisors	PolandRussia	S. Orzechowski
advisors	PolandRussia	Pyotr Mstislavets
advisors	PolandRussia	Boris Morozov
advisors	PolandRussia	Andrei Kurbsky
advisors	PolandRussia	Platon Zubov
advisors	PolandRussia	Patriarch Adrian
advisors	PolandRussia	Poniatowski
advisors	PolandRussia	Andrei Rublev
advisors	PolandRussia	Zbigniew Olesnicki
advisors	PolandRussia	Andrei Osterman
advisors	PolandRussia	Andrzej Boryszewski
advisors	PolandRussia	Bogdan Belsky
advisors	PolandRussia	Bartolomeo Rastrelli
advisors	PolandRussia	Ivan Fyodorov
advisors	PolandRussia	Anikita Repnin
advisors	PolandRussia	Seweryn Boner
advisors	PolandRussia	Burkhard von Münnich
advisors	PolandRussia	Nicolaus Copernicus
advisors	Scandinavia	Leopold
advisors	Scandinavia	Thomas Fincke
advisors	Scandinavia	Nikolaj Abildgaard
advisors	Scandinavia	Emanuel Swedenborg
advisors	Scandinavia	Peder Oxe
advisors	Scandinavia	Hans Wachtmeister
advisors	Scandinavia	Johannes M. Gothus
advisors	Scandinavia	Bengt Lidner
advisors	Scandinavia	Claudius Clavus
advisors	Scandinavia	Anders Vedel
advisors	Scandinavia	Ole Worm
advisors	Scandinavia	Corfitz Ulfeldt
advisors	Scandinavia	Anders Bille
advisors	Scandinavia	Bartholin the Elder
advisors	Scandinavia	Peter A. Heiberg
advisors	Scandinavia	Olaus Petri
advisors	Scandinavia	Laurentius Petri
advisors	Scandinavia	Johan Gyllenstierna
advisors	Scandinavia	Erik Sparre
advisors	Scandinavia	Olof Rudbeck
advisors	Scandinavia	Carl Michael Bellman
advisors	Scandinavia	Mikael Agricola
advisors	Scandinavia	Per Brahe the Younger
advisors	Scandinavia	Carl Löwenhielm
advisors	Scandinavia	Axel Oxenstierna
advisors	Scandinavia	Anders Berch
advisors	Scandinavia	Johan Friis
advisors	Scandinavia	Carl Wilhelm Scheele
advisors	Scandinavia	Rasmus Bartholin
advisors	Scandinavia	Olaus Magnus
advisors	Scandinavia	Diderik Buxtehude
advisors	Scandinavia	Petter Dass
advisors	Scandinavia	Conrad von Pyhy
advisors	Scandinavia	Adam Gottlob Moltke
advisors	Scandinavia	Jørgen Eriksen
advisors	Scandinavia	Carolus Linnaeus
advisors	Scandinavia	Georg Oeder
advisors	Scandinavia	Henric Liljensparre
advisors	Scandinavia	Joachim Gersdorff
advisors	Scandinavia	Heinrich Rantzau
advisors	Scandinavia	Mogens Gøye
advisors	Scandinavia	Henric af Chapman
advisors	Scandinavia	Axel von Fersen
advisors	Scandinavia	Caspar Wessel
advisors	Scandinavia	Carl Piper
advisors	Scandinavia	Tycho Brahe
advisors	Scandinavia	Erik Tolstadius
advisors	Scandinavia	Hans Egede
advisors	Scandinavia	Niels Juel
advisors	Scandinavia	Hans Tausen
advisors	Scandinavia	Georg Mohr
advisors	Scandinavia	Johan Adler-Salvius
advisors	Scandinavia	Alexander Roslin
advisors	Scandinavia	Olof von Dahlin
advisors	Scandinavia	Ole Rømer
advisors	Scandinavia	Johann Struensee
advisors	Scandinavia	Jöran Persson
advisors	Scandinavia	Johan H. Kellgren
advisors	Scandinavia	Johann Snell
advisors	Scandinavia	Augustin Ehrensvärd
advisors	Scandinavia	Urban Hjärne
advisors	Scandinavia	Peter Ascanius
advisors	Scandinavia	Christopher Polhem
advisors	Scandinavia	Peder Griffenfeldt
advisors	Scandinavia	Johan Ernst Gunnerus
advisors	Scandinavia	Pehr V. Wargentin
advisors	Scandinavia	Bartholin the Younger
advisors	Scandinavia	Johannes Bureus
advisors	Scandinavia	Ludvig Holberg
advisors	Scandinavia	Christian Reventlow
advisors	Scandinavia	Anders Celsius
advisors	Scandinavia	Ove Høegh-Guldberg
advisors	Scandinavia	Hannibal Sehested
advisors	Scandinavia	Nils Gyllenstierna
advisors	Scandinavia	Peder Swart
advisors	Scandinavia	Johannes Messenius
advisors	Scandinavia	Hogenskild Bielke
advisors	Scandinavia	Gabriel Marselis
advisors	Scandinavia	Anders J. von Höpken
advisors	Scandinavia	David K. Ehrenstrahl
advisors	Scandinavia	Thomas Plomgren
advisors	Scandinavia	Peder Winstrup
advisors	Scandinavia	Nicholas Steno
advisors	Scandinavia	Carl Gustaf Tessin
advisors	Scandinavia	Johan Bernstorff
advisors	Scandinavia	Anders Chydenius
advisors	Scandinavia	Georg Stiernhielm
advisors	Scandinavia	Johan Skytte
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Pargali Ibrahim Pasha
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Petar Zoranic
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Yosef Nasi
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Itri Efendi
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Gaspar Graziani
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Constantin Cantemir
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Ion Neculce
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Vasile Lupu
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Urban
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Asik Ömer
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Gjon Buzuku
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Mustafa Naima
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Hayâlî
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Gennadius Scholarius
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Mahmud Pasha
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Anthimos VI
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Hanibal Lucic
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Evliya Çelebi
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Köprülü Mehmed Pasha
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Ibrahim Nevsehirli
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Mimar Kasim
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	George Utjesenovic
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Nasuh al-Silahi
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Nezim Frakulla
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Bâkî
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Makarije Sokolovic
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Köprülüzade Fazil Ahmed
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Marin Drzic
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Osman Pazvantoglu
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Kuyucu Murad Pasha
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Karacaoglan
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Nectarius
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Ali al-Qushji
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Antioch Kantemir
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Mitrophanovic
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Seyh Galip
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Seyfi Çelebi
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Miron Costin
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Ahmet Cezzar Pasha
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	George Trapezuntius
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Ferenc Dávid
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Grigorios II
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Ivan Gundulic
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Abaza Mehmed
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Koca Sinan Pasha
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Nikiforos Theotokis
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Ibrahim Muteferrika
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Malaye Jaziri
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Mustafa Çavus
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Abraham Rozanes
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Sabbatai Zevi
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Lekë Matrënga
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Alvise Gritti
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Lagari Hasan Çelebi
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Hoca Sadeddin Efendi
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Jeremias II Tranos
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Dimitrie Cantemir
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Katib Çelebi
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Piri Reis
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Hasan Aga
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Matei Basarab
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Matija A. Relkovic
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Marko Marulic
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Kyrillos Loukaris
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Luka Sorkocevic
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Pjetër Budi
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Sheikh Hamdullah
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Nedîm
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Mimar Sinan
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Grigore Ureche
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Paisiy Hilendarski
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Johannes Honterus
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Toma Vishanov
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Khristo Dimitrov
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Petar Nakic
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Nev'izade atayl
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Kaygusuz Abdal
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Hezarfen Çelebi
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Isa-Beg Isakovic
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Valentin Wagner
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Toubia Kaiss
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Gentile Bellini
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Stoyko Vladislavov
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Theophilos
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Ehmedê Xanî
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Silahdar Aga
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Pal Engjëlli
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Nikolaos Doxaras
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Serban Cantacuzino
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Sükrüllah
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Giulio Variboba
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Faqi Tayran
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Gazi Husrev-beg
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Ali Kusçu
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Humbaraci Ahmed
advisors	TurkeyBalkans	Arsenije III
countries	AAC - Aachen	Stadtrat
countries	ABB - Dongola	Ahmad
countries	ABB - Dongola	Ranfi
countries	ABB - Dongola	Rajab
countries	ABB - Dongola	Bâdî
countries	ABB - Dongola	Idris
countries	ABB - Dongola	Unsa
countries	ABB - Dongola	Kanz
countries	ABB - Dongola	Hassan
countries	ABB - Dongola	Nasr el Din
countries	ABB - Dongola	Sulayman
countries	ABB - Dongola	Shaykiyya
countries	ABB - Dongola	Barabara
countries	ABE - Abenaki	Native Council
countries	ACH - Principality of Achaia	Pietro I
countries	ACH - Principality of Achaia	de Saint-Superan
countries	ACH - Principality of Achaia	Centurione II
countries	ACH - Principality of Achaia	Zaccaria
countries	ACH - Principality of Achaia	Thomas
countries	ACH - Principality of Achaia	Centurione
countries	ACH - Principality of Achaia	Maria II
countries	ACH - Principality of Achaia	Maria
countries	ACH - Principality of Achaia	Palaiologos
countries	ADA - Adal	Mansur
countries	ADA - Adal	Sabr
countries	ADA - Adal	Mahfuz
countries	ADA - Adal	Badlay
countries	ADA - Adal	Bat'iah
countries	ADA - Adal	'Abu
countries	ADA - Adal	Shams
countries	ADA - Adal	Jamal
countries	ADA - Adal	Karanle
countries	ADA - Adal	Mohammed
countries	ADA - Adal	Nur
countries	ADA - Adal	Mohamed
countries	ADA - Adal	Walashma
countries	ADA - Adal	Ahmad Gran
countries	ADE - Aden	Ahmad I
countries	ADE - Aden	al-Fadl
countries	ADE - Aden	Tahirid
countries	ADE - Aden	Salâh ad-Din 'Amir I
countries	ADE - Aden	Abdali
countries	ADE - Aden	Salâh ad-Din 'Amir
countries	ADE - Aden	al-Fadl II
countries	ADE - Aden	Abd al-Hadi
countries	ADE - Aden	'Abd al-Wahhâb
countries	ADE - Aden	Abd al-Karim
countries	ADE - Aden	Salâh ad-Din 'Amir II
countries	ADE - Aden	'Alî
countries	AFA - Afar	Asa
countries	AFA - Afar	Umardin
countries	AFA - Afar	Mansur
countries	AFA - Afar	Mudaito
countries	AFA - Afar	Sabraddin
countries	AFA - Afar	Sadiq
countries	AFA - Afar	Adan
countries	AFA - Afar	Aydahis
countries	AFA - Afar	Mahammad
countries	AFA - Afar	Karanle
countries	AFA - Afar	Kadhafo
countries	AFA - Afar	Ahmed
countries	AFG - Afghanistan	Karatshar bin Soyurghatmish
countries	AFG - Afghanistan	Mahmud Shah
countries	AFG - Afghanistan	Ghilzai
countries	AFG - Afghanistan	Mir Ashraf
countries	AFG - Afghanistan	Mir Husayn
countries	AFG - Afghanistan	Zaman Shah
countries	AFG - Afghanistan	Ahmad Shah Durr-i-Durran
countries	AFG - Afghanistan	Mir Ways
countries	AFG - Afghanistan	Taimur
countries	AFG - Afghanistan	Zaman
countries	AFG - Afghanistan	Ali Shah
countries	AFG - Afghanistan	Mir 'Abd al-'Aziz
countries	AFG - Afghanistan	Durrani
countries	AFG - Afghanistan	Timurid
countries	AFG - Afghanistan	Ayub Shah
countries	AFG - Afghanistan	Mahmud
countries	AFG - Afghanistan	Shuja Shah
countries	AFG - Afghanistan	Mir 'Abd-al'Aziz
countries	AFG - Afghanistan	Hakim
countries	AFG - Afghanistan	Taimur Shah
countries	AFG - Afghanistan	Mir Mahmud
countries	AHM - Ahmadnagar	Bahadur
countries	AHM - Ahmadnagar	Murtaza Shah II
countries	AHM - Ahmadnagar	Isma'il
countries	AHM - Ahmadnagar	Ahmad Shah
countries	AHM - Ahmadnagar	Burhan Shah III
countries	AHM - Ahmadnagar	Ibrahim
countries	AHM - Ahmadnagar	Husayn
countries	AHM - Ahmadnagar	Murtaza
countries	AHM - Ahmadnagar	Ahmad Shah I
countries	AHM - Ahmadnagar	Maran Husayn Shah II
countries	AHM - Ahmadnagar	Burhan Shah II
countries	AHM - Ahmadnagar	Ahmad
countries	AHM - Ahmadnagar	Nizam Shahi
countries	AHM - Ahmadnagar	Maran Husayn
countries	AHM - Ahmadnagar	Burhan Shah I
countries	AHM - Ahmadnagar	Bahadur Shah
countries	AHM - Ahmadnagar	Murtaza Shah I
countries	AHM - Ahmadnagar	Burhan I Shah
countries	AHM - Ahmadnagar	Husayn Shah I
countries	AHM - Ahmadnagar	Malik Ambar
countries	AHM - Ahmadnagar	Ibrahim Shah
countries	AHM - Ahmadnagar	Burhan
countries	AHM - Ahmadnagar	Husayn Shah II
countries	AHM - Ahmadnagar	Isma'il Shah
countries	AIR - Air	Muhammad al-Mu'min
countries	AIR - Air	Istanbulewa
countries	AIR - Air	Muhammad Guma II
countries	AIR - Air	Muhammad al-Baqiri
countries	AIR - Air	Yunus
countries	AIR - Air	Muhammad Guma
countries	AIR - Air	Muhammad Agg-Abba
countries	AIR - Air	Muhammad al-'Adil
countries	AIR - Air	Muhammad ad-Dani
countries	AIR - Air	Muhammad Guma III
countries	AIR - Air	Muammad Agg-'A'isha
countries	AIR - Air	Muhammad Humad
countries	AJU - Ajuuraan	Fadumo
countries	AJU - Ajuuraan	Arliqo
countries	AJU - Ajuuraan	Umur
countries	AJU - Ajuuraan	Sarjelle
countries	AKK - Ak Koyunlu	Murâd
countries	AKK - Ak Koyunlu	Uzun Hasan
countries	AKK - Ak Koyunlu	Baysungur
countries	AKK - Ak Koyunlu	Ahmed Gövde
countries	AKK - Ak Koyunlu	Rüstem
countries	AKK - Ak Koyunlu	Yaqûb
countries	AKK - Ak Koyunlu	Elvend Mehmed
countries	AKK - Ak Koyunlu	Halîl
countries	AKK - Ak Koyunlu	Aq Qoyunlu
countries	AKK - Ak Koyunlu	Qara Yülüq Osman
countries	AKK - Ak Koyunlu	Cihangir
countries	AKK - Ak Koyunlu	Elvend
countries	AKK - Ak Koyunlu	Ali
countries	AKK - Ak Koyunlu	Ahmed
countries	AKM - Akamatsu	Akamatsu
countries	AKM - Akamatsu	Yoshimura
countries	AKM - Akamatsu	Enshin
countries	AKM - Akamatsu	Yoshisuke
countries	AKM - Akamatsu	Harumasa
countries	AKM - Akamatsu	Norisuke
countries	AKM - Akamatsu	Mitsusuke
countries	AKM - Akamatsu	Yoshinori
countries	AKM - Akamatsu	Masanori
countries	AKT - Ando	Chikasue
countries	AKT - Ando	Hirosue
countries	AKT - Ando	Morisuke
countries	AKT - Ando	Yasusue
countries	AKT - Ando	Sanesue
countries	AKT - Ando	Ando
countries	AKT - Ando	Kiyosue
countries	AKT - Ando	Masasue
countries	AKT - Ando	Tadasue
countries	AKT - Ando	Yoshisue
countries	AKT - Ando	Akita
countries	ALB - Albania	Constantino
countries	ALB - Albania	Kastrioti
countries	ALB - Albania	Gjon II
countries	ALB - Albania	Skanderbeg
countries	ALB - Albania	Gjergj Skanderbeg
countries	ALB - Albania	Gjon
countries	ALE - Alencon	René
countries	ALE - Alencon	Jean II
countries	ALE - Alencon	Charles IV
countries	ALE - Alencon	Pierre II
countries	ALE - Alencon	Jean I
countries	ALE - Alencon	de Valois
countries	ALG - Algiers	Chaouch
countries	ALG - Algiers	Chabane
countries	ALG - Algiers	Hasan
countries	ALG - Algiers	al-Hassan
countries	ALG - Algiers	'Alî IV
countries	ALG - Algiers	ben Ahmed
countries	ALG - Algiers	Ibrâhîm II
countries	ALG - Algiers	Hassanid
countries	ALG - Algiers	Khoja
countries	ALG - Algiers	Khederid
countries	ALG - Algiers	Bostandji
countries	ALG - Algiers	Kurdogli
countries	ALG - Algiers	Dali
countries	ALG - Algiers	Muradid
countries	ALG - Algiers	Hajj
countries	ALG - Algiers	Vénéziano
countries	ALG - Algiers	Khizr
countries	ALG - Algiers	Djafarid
countries	ALG - Algiers	Husseinid
countries	ALG - Algiers	Ibrahim
countries	ALG - Algiers	Kuloglu
countries	ALG - Algiers	Ramadanid
countries	ALG - Algiers	Rizvanid
countries	ALG - Algiers	Muhammad II
countries	ALG - Algiers	Rizvan
countries	ALG - Algiers	ben Ali
countries	ALG - Algiers	'Ali I
countries	ALG - Algiers	Ramadan
countries	ALG - Algiers	Salim
countries	ALG - Algiers	Biga
countries	ALG - Algiers	Süleyman
countries	ALG - Algiers	Hassan
countries	ALG - Algiers	Hussein
countries	ALG - Algiers	Yusufid
countries	ALG - Algiers	Muhammad
countries	ALG - Algiers	Bitchin
countries	ALG - Algiers	Mehmed
countries	ALG - Algiers	Djafar
countries	ALG - Algiers	Ismaili
countries	ALG - Algiers	Hadj
countries	ALG - Algiers	Mohamed
countries	ALG - Algiers	Muhammad I
countries	ALG - Algiers	Ahmad
countries	ALG - Algiers	Köse
countries	ALG - Algiers	Corso
countries	ALG - Algiers	Ismail
countries	ALG - Algiers	Ahmadi
countries	ALG - Algiers	Mustafid
countries	ALG - Algiers	Bursala
countries	ALG - Algiers	'Umar
countries	ALG - Algiers	Muhammed
countries	ALG - Algiers	Mezzomorto
countries	ALG - Algiers	'Abdi
countries	ALG - Algiers	Veneziano
countries	ALG - Algiers	Husain III
countries	ALG - Algiers	Muhammadid
countries	ALG - Algiers	ben Hassan
countries	ALG - Algiers	Baba
countries	ALG - Algiers	Muhammad III
countries	ALG - Algiers	'Alî II
countries	ALG - Algiers	Yusuf
countries	ALG - Algiers	Ahmed
countries	ALG - Algiers	Mehmedi
countries	ALG - Algiers	Hayreddin Barbarossa
countries	ALG - Algiers	Abu
countries	ALG - Algiers	Muhamed
countries	ALG - Algiers	Deli
countries	ALG - Algiers	Galeni
countries	ALG - Algiers	Oruc Reis
countries	ALG - Algiers	Shaban
countries	ALG - Algiers	Uluç Ali Reis
countries	ALG - Algiers	Yakubid
countries	ALG - Algiers	'Alî III
countries	ALG - Algiers	Salah Reis
countries	ALG - Algiers	Shabanid
countries	ALG - Algiers	Mustafa
countries	ALG - Algiers	Ibrâhîm I
countries	ALG - Algiers	Murad
countries	ALG - Algiers	Ali
countries	ALG - Algiers	Al-Tumi
countries	ALH - Haasa	Usfurid
countries	ALH - Haasa	Barrak
countries	ALH - Haasa	Jabrid
countries	ALH - Haasa	Sulyaman
countries	ALH - Haasa	Sulayman ibn Muhammad
countries	ALH - Haasa	Barrak I
countries	ALH - Haasa	Sadun II
countries	ALH - Haasa	Nadjim ibn Duhaynim
countries	ALH - Haasa	Sadun I
countries	ALH - Haasa	Barrak II
countries	ALH - Haasa	Zayid
countries	ALH - Haasa	Urayir ibn Dudjayn
countries	ALH - Haasa	Nadjim ibn Dyhaynim
countries	ALH - Haasa	Muhammad I
countries	ALH - Haasa	Muqrin ibn Zamil
countries	ALH - Haasa	Sadun
countries	ALH - Haasa	Ali
countries	ALH - Haasa	Ajwad ibn Zamil
countries	ALO - Alodia	Simeon
countries	ALO - Alodia	Abdallabi
countries	ALO - Alodia	Abdallah Jamma
countries	ALO - Alodia	Dotawo
countries	ALS - Alsace	Wilhelm III
countries	ALS - Alsace	Wilhelm II
countries	ALS - Alsace	Johann IV
countries	ALS - Alsace	Leopold Wilhelm I
countries	ALS - Alsace	Ruprecht I
countries	ALS - Alsace	Erasmus I
countries	ALS - Alsace	Leopold I
countries	ALS - Alsace	Karl I
countries	ALS - Alsace	Konrad IV
countries	ALS - Alsace	Albrecht I
countries	ALS - Alsace	Franz Egon I
countries	ALS - Alsace	Johann Georg I
countries	AMA - Amago	Haruhisa
countries	AMA - Amago	Sasaki
countries	AMA - Amago	Takahisa
countries	AMA - Amago	Amago
countries	AMA - Amago	Yoshihisa
countries	AMA - Amago	Tsunehisa
countries	AMA - Amago	Takahide
countries	AMA - Amago	Kiyosada
countries	AMA - Amago	Mochihisa
countries	AMA - Amago	Takauji
countries	AMA - Amago	Tunehisa
countries	AMG - Armangnac	Charles II
countries	AMG - Armangnac	d'Armagnac
countries	AMG - Armangnac	Marguerite
countries	AMG - Armangnac	Charles
countries	AMG - Armangnac	Bernard VII
countries	AMG - Armangnac	Jean IV
countries	AMG - Armangnac	d'Angoulême
countries	AMG - Armangnac	Jean
countries	AMG - Armangnac	Marguerite I
countries	AMG - Armangnac	Charles I
countries	AMG - Armangnac	Jean V
countries	ANH - Anhalt	Leopold
countries	ANH - Anhalt	Georg
countries	ANH - Anhalt	Sigismund I
countries	ANH - Anhalt	Askanier
countries	ANH - Anhalt	Johann Kasimir I
countries	ANH - Anhalt	Georg I
countries	ANH - Anhalt	Ernst I
countries	ANH - Anhalt	Johann Georg I
countries	ANH - Anhalt	Leopold Maximilian
countries	ANH - Anhalt	Leopold Friedrich
countries	ANH - Anhalt	Joachim Ernst
countries	ANH - Anhalt	 Leopold IV
countries	ANH - Anhalt	Leopold III
countries	ANH - Anhalt	Leopold II Maximilian
countries	ANH - Anhalt	Johann Georg II
countries	ANH - Anhalt	Leopold IV
countries	ANH - Anhalt	Leopold Frederick Franz
countries	ANH - Anhalt	Johann Georg
countries	ANH - Anhalt	Johann II
countries	ANH - Anhalt	Leopold I
countries	ANH - Anhalt	Johann Kasimir
countries	ANH - Anhalt	Johann
countries	ANH - Anhalt	Ernst
countries	ANN - Annam	Phuc Thuan
countries	ANN - Annam	Nguyen
countries	ANN - Annam	Phuc Dam
countries	ANN - Annam	Phuc Tran
countries	ANN - Annam	Phuc Anh
countries	ANN - Annam	Phuc Nguyen
countries	ANN - Annam	Phuc Chu
countries	ANN - Annam	Phuc Lan
countries	ANN - Annam	Kim
countries	ANN - Annam	Phuc Khoat
countries	ANN - Annam	Hoang
countries	ANN - Annam	Phuc Tan
countries	ANN - Annam	Phuc Tru
countries	ANS - Ansbach	Albrecht II Achilles
countries	ANS - Ansbach	Karl Wilhelm Freidrich I
countries	ANS - Ansbach	Friedrich VI
countries	ANS - Ansbach	Christian Albrecht I
countries	ANS - Ansbach	Georg Friedrich II
countries	ANS - Ansbach	Albrecht Achilles
countries	ANS - Ansbach	Johann Friedrich
countries	ANS - Ansbach	Albrecht III
countries	ANS - Ansbach	Joachim Ernst I
countries	ANS - Ansbach	Johann Friedrich I
countries	ANS - Ansbach	Wilhelm Friedrich I
countries	ANS - Ansbach	Georg I der Fromme
countries	ANS - Ansbach	von Hohenzollern
countries	ANS - Ansbach	Karl Alexander I
countries	ANS - Ansbach	Georg Friedrich I
countries	ANS - Ansbach	Friedrich II
countries	ANS - Ansbach	Friedrich VII
countries	ANS - Ansbach	Vormundschaftsregierung
countries	ANT - Antemoro	Anteoni
countries	ANT - Antemoro	Andriapanolaha
countries	ANU - Ainu	Native Council
countries	ANZ - Annizah	Abdullah
countries	ANZ - Annizah	Muhammed I
countries	ANZ - Annizah	Dhana Maslam
countries	ANZ - Annizah	Muhammed
countries	APA - Apache	Native Council
countries	AQU - Aquileia	Antonio I
countries	AQU - Aquileia	Lodovico II
countries	AQU - Aquileia	Antonio II
countries	ARA - Aragon	Prospero Colonna
countries	ARA - Aragon	Martí I
countries	ARA - Aragon	d'Aragó
countries	ARA - Aragon	Alfons
countries	ARA - Aragon	de Córdoba
countries	ARA - Aragon	Fernando d'Avalos
countries	ARA - Aragon	Compromís de Casp
countries	ARA - Aragon	Ferran
countries	ARA - Aragon	Ramón de Cardona
countries	ARA - Aragon	Ferran II
countries	ARA - Aragon	Pedro Navarro
countries	ARA - Aragon	Isabella
countries	ARA - Aragon	Joan
countries	ARA - Aragon	Ferran I
countries	ARA - Aragon	Alfons V
countries	ARA - Aragon	de Trastámara
countries	ARA - Aragon	Joan II
countries	ARA - Aragon	Juana Enríquez
countries	ARA - Aragon	Maria
countries	ARA - Aragon	Bernat de Vilamarí
countries	ARD - Ardalan	Ardalan
countries	ARD - Ardalan	Timur
countries	ARD - Ardalan	Bawa
countries	ARD - Ardalan	 Ahmad
countries	ARD - Ardalan	Sobhanverdi
countries	ARD - Ardalan	Soleiman
countries	ARD - Ardalan	Helo
countries	ARD - Ardalan	Khosrow
countries	ARD - Ardalan	Bozorg
countries	ARD - Ardalan	Aman-Allah
countries	ARK - Arakan	Hanthawaddy
countries	ARK - Arakan	Sanda Thuriya III
countries	ARK - Arakan	Radzathu II
countries	ARK - Arakan	Mani Dhamma
countries	ARK - Arakan	Sekkya
countries	ARK - Arakan	Saw O
countries	ARK - Arakan	Sanda Thuriya II
countries	ARK - Arakan	Nara Apaya
countries	ARK - Arakan	Sanda Thuriya
countries	ARK - Arakan	Mayonpiya
countries	ARK - Arakan	Dawlya
countries	ARK - Arakan	Sanda Thudhamma
countries	ARK - Arakan	Letya
countries	ARK - Arakan	Thazata
countries	ARK - Arakan	Sawla
countries	ARK - Arakan	Sanda Wimala I
countries	ARK - Arakan	Narapawara
countries	ARK - Arakan	Ba Saw Nyo
countries	ARK - Arakan	Sanda Wizaya II
countries	ARK - Arakan	Hpalaung
countries	ARK - Arakan	Sanda Thuriya I
countries	ARK - Arakan	Anawrahta
countries	ARK - Arakan	Launnggyet
countries	ARK - Arakan	Madarit
countries	ARK - Arakan	Khamaung
countries	ARK - Arakan	Apaya
countries	ARK - Arakan	Kalagandat
countries	ARK - Arakan	Narapati
countries	ARK - Arakan	Sanda Thaditha
countries	ARK - Arakan	'Khayi
countries	ARK - Arakan	Sanda Thumana
countries	ARK - Arakan	Saw Mon
countries	ARK - Arakan	Raza
countries	ARK - Arakan	Thirithu
countries	ARK - Arakan	Gazapati
countries	ARK - Arakan	Min Bin
countries	ARK - Arakan	Thiri Thudhamma
countries	ARK - Arakan	Khayi
countries	ARK - Arakan	Saw Hla
countries	ARK - Arakan	Mrauk-U
countries	ARK - Arakan	Thado
countries	ARK - Arakan	Launggyet
countries	ARK - Arakan	Sanay
countries	ARK - Arakan	Naradipadi II
countries	ARK - Arakan	Thammada
countries	ARK - Arakan	Dikha
countries	ARK - Arakan	Saw Mon III
countries	ARK - Arakan	Wara Dhamma
countries	ARK - Arakan	Ran Aung
countries	ARK - Arakan	Salingathu
countries	ARK - Arakan	Naranu
countries	ARK - Arakan	Razagri
countries	ARK - Arakan	Minkhaung
countries	ARK - Arakan	Ava
countries	ARK - Arakan	Naradipati I
countries	ARK - Arakan	Naradipadi
countries	ARK - Arakan	Ba Saw Phyu
countries	ARK - Arakan	Thinggathu
countries	ARK - Arakan	Sanda Wizaya I
countries	ARK - Arakan	Thinkhathu
countries	ARK - Arakan	Nawrahta
countries	ARK - Arakan	Sanda Wimala II
countries	ARL - Ardabil	Fath Ali Khan
countries	ARL - Ardabil	Thamasp II
countries	ARL - Ardabil	Allahverdi Khan
countries	ARL - Ardabil	Cuha Sultan
countries	ARL - Ardabil	Ismâ'îl I
countries	ARL - Ardabil	Farhad Khan
countries	ARL - Ardabil	Latif Khan
countries	ARL - Ardabil	Abbas II
countries	ARL - Ardabil	Ismail I
countries	ARL - Ardabil	Rustam Khan
countries	ARL - Ardabil	Muhammad Khudabanda
countries	ARL - Ardabil	Joneid
countries	ARL - Ardabil	Thamâsp I
countries	ARL - Ardabil	Safavid
countries	ARL - Ardabil	Abu Talib
countries	ARL - Ardabil	Ibrahim Khan
countries	ARL - Ardabil	Qarchaqay Bei
countries	ARL - Ardabil	Ismâ'îl II
countries	ARL - Ardabil	Suleiman I
countries	ARL - Ardabil	Abbas III
countries	ARL - Ardabil	Haidar
countries	ARL - Ardabil	Badr
countries	ARL - Ardabil	Sultan Husain I
countries	ARL - Ardabil	Shahsevan
countries	ARL - Ardabil	Nazarali
countries	ARL - Ardabil	Tahmasp I
countries	ARL - Ardabil	Emir Guna Beg
countries	ARL - Ardabil	Abbas I
countries	ARL - Ardabil	Safi I
countries	ARL - Ardabil	Jafar
countries	ARL - Ardabil	Hamza Mirza
countries	ARM - Armenia	Huseyn
countries	ARM - Armenia	Hasan
countries	ARM - Armenia	Mehdi
countries	ARM - Armenia	Muhammed
countries	ARM - Armenia	Maragai
countries	ARM - Armenia	Qasemlu
countries	ARM - Armenia	Qajar
countries	ARM - Armenia	Qulam
countries	ARM - Armenia	Aliid
countries	ARM - Armenia	Qoli
countries	ARP - Arapaho	Native Council
countries	ARW - Arawak	Native Council
countries	ASA - Asakura	Asakura
countries	ASA - Asakura	Norikage
countries	ASA - Asakura	Sadakage
countries	ASA - Asakura	Iekage
countries	ASA - Asakura	Takakage
countries	ASA - Asakura	Yoshikage
countries	ASA - Asakura	Ujikage
countries	ASA - Asakura	Shoni
countries	ASH - Ashanti	Kusi Obodum
countries	ASH - Ashanti	Werempe Ampem
countries	ASH - Ashanti	Boa Amponsem
countries	ASH - Ashanti	Yanza
countries	ASH - Ashanti	Tutugri
countries	ASH - Ashanti	Osei Bonsu
countries	ASH - Ashanti	Opoku Ware I
countries	ASH - Ashanti	Nengmitoni
countries	ASH - Ashanti	Zolgo
countries	ASH - Ashanti	Zongman
countries	ASH - Ashanti	Dimani
countries	ASH - Ashanti	Denkyriahene
countries	ASH - Ashanti	Luro
countries	ASH - Ashanti	Ntim Gyakari
countries	ASH - Ashanti	Gungoble
countries	ASH - Ashanti	Opoku Ware
countries	ASH - Ashanti	Zagale
countries	ASH - Ashanti	Osei Kwame
countries	ASH - Ashanti	Beriguwiemda I
countries	ASH - Ashanti	Osei Kojo
countries	ASH - Ashanti	Oyoko Abohyen
countries	ASH - Ashanti	Dagomba
countries	ASH - Ashanti	Opoku Fofie
countries	ASH - Ashanti	Osei Tutu
countries	ASH - Ashanti	Beriguwiemda
countries	ASH - Ashanti	Dariziogo
countries	ASH - Ashanti	Denkyirahene
countries	ASH - Ashanti	Beriguwiemda II
countries	ASH - Ashanti	Zokuli
countries	ASI - Assiniboine	Native Council
countries	ASK - Ashikaga	Yoshizumi
countries	ASK - Ashikaga	Ashikaga
countries	ASK - Ashikaga	Yoshikazu
countries	ASK - Ashikaga	Yoshihide
countries	ASK - Ashikaga	Yoshimitsu
countries	ASK - Ashikaga	Yoshinori
countries	ASK - Ashikaga	Yoshitane
countries	ASK - Ashikaga	Yoshiakira
countries	ASK - Ashikaga	Yoshimasa
countries	ASK - Ashikaga	Yoshiaki
countries	ASK - Ashikaga	Yoshihisa
countries	ASK - Ashikaga	Yoshimi
countries	ASK - Ashikaga	Yoshiharu
countries	ASK - Ashikaga	Yoshikatsu
countries	ASK - Ashikaga	Yoshiteru
countries	ASK - Ashikaga	Yoshimochi
countries	ASK - Ashikaga	Takauji
countries	ASS - Assam	Supungmung
countries	ASS - Assam	Siphakpha
countries	ASS - Assam	Sutyinphâ
countries	ASS - Assam	Sudangpha
countries	ASS - Assam	Brajnatha
countries	ASS - Assam	Suhung
countries	ASS - Assam	Sujinphâ
countries	ASS - Assam	Suyeophâ
countries	ASS - Assam	Sutanphâ
countries	ASS - Assam	Sunyatphâ
countries	ASS - Assam	Supimphâ
countries	ASS - Assam	Sukrungphâ
countries	ASS - Assam	Suhitpangphâ
countries	ASS - Assam	Sutamla
countries	ASS - Assam	Suklingphâ
countries	ASS - Assam	Sulikphâ
countries	ASS - Assam	Sukhamphâ
countries	ASS - Assam	Suhenphâ
countries	ASS - Assam	Suramphâ
countries	ASS - Assam	Gobar
countries	ASS - Assam	Sudinpha
countries	ASS - Assam	Sunenphâ
countries	ASS - Assam	Suhungmung
countries	ASS - Assam	Susenphâ
countries	ASS - Assam	Suklamphâ
countries	ASS - Assam	Suklenmung
countries	ASS - Assam	Sujangpha
countries	ASS - Assam	Ahom
countries	ASS - Assam	Sudalphâ
countries	ASS - Assam	Susengphâ
countries	ASS - Assam	Supatphâ
countries	AST - Astrakhan	Husayn
countries	AST - Astrakhan	Qasim I
countries	AST - Astrakhan	Darwish Ali
countries	AST - Astrakhan	Genghisid
countries	AST - Astrakhan	Qasim II
countries	AST - Astrakhan	Abdul-Karim
countries	AST - Astrakhan	Jani Beg
countries	AST - Astrakhan	Yamghurchi
countries	AST - Astrakhan	Ak Köbek
countries	AST - Astrakhan	Gengishid
countries	AST - Astrakhan	Jani Beg I
countries	AST - Astrakhan	Mahmud
countries	AST - Astrakhan	Abdul-Rahman
countries	AST - Astrakhan	Qasim
countries	ATH - Duchy of Athens	Antonio I
countries	ATH - Duchy of Athens	Francesco II
countries	ATH - Duchy of Athens	Antonio II
countries	ATH - Duchy of Athens	Acciaioli
countries	ATH - Duchy of Athens	Nerio
countries	ATH - Duchy of Athens	Nerio II
countries	ATH - Duchy of Athens	Francesco
countries	ATH - Duchy of Athens	Francesco I
countries	ATJ - Atjeh	Zaqîyat ad-Dîn 'Inâya
countries	ATJ - Atjeh	Neqîyat ad-Dîn Nûr
countries	ATJ - Atjeh	'Alâ' ad-Dîn Ri'âyat Shâh
countries	ATJ - Atjeh	Iskandar Tanî 'Alâ ad-Dîn
countries	ATJ - Atjeh	'Alâ' ad-Dîn Mansûr Shâh
countries	ATJ - Atjeh	'Alâ ad-Dîn al-Qahhar
countries	ATJ - Atjeh	Syarif Saif ul Alam
countries	ATJ - Atjeh	Inayat Shah
countries	ATJ - Atjeh	'Alâ' ad-Dîn Jauhar
countries	ATJ - Atjeh	'Alî Ri'âyat Shâh
countries	ATJ - Atjeh	Mugâyat
countries	ATJ - Atjeh	Mugàyat
countries	ATJ - Atjeh	'Alî Mugât Shâh
countries	ATJ - Atjeh	Perkara 'Âlam Sharîf
countries	ATJ - Atjeh	Husayn 'Alî Ri'âyat Shâh
countries	ATJ - Atjeh	'Alâ' ad-Dîn Muhammad
countries	ATJ - Atjeh	Safîyat ad-Dîn Tâj
countries	ATJ - Atjeh	'Alî Mugâyat Shâh
countries	ATJ - Atjeh	Sultân Sri 'Âlam
countries	ATJ - Atjeh	'Alâ' ad-Dîn Shâh Jahân
countries	ATJ - Atjeh	Zirat ad-Dîn Kamâlat Shâh
countries	ATJ - Atjeh	Iskandar Muda Shâh
countries	ATJ - Atjeh	Badr ad-Dîn Sharîf Hâshim
countries	ATJ - Atjeh	'Alâ' ad-Dîn Ahmad Shâh
countries	ATJ - Atjeh	Shams al'-Âlam
countries	ATJ - Atjeh	Salâh ad-Dîn Ibrâhîm
countries	ATJ - Atjeh	Zayn al 'Âbidîn
countries	ATJ - Atjeh	Mahmûd Shâh
countries	ATJ - Atjeh	Sultân Buyong
countries	ATJ - Atjeh	Mahmûd Shâh I
countries	ATJ - Atjeh	Jamâl al-'Âlam Badr
countries	ATJ - Atjeh	Inayat
countries	AUG - Augsburg	Heinrich V. von Knöringen
countries	AUG - Augsburg	Peter von Schaumberg
countries	AUG - Augsburg	Clemens Wenceslaus
countries	AUG - Augsburg	Eberhard II von Kirchberg
countries	AUG - Augsburg	Franz Friedrich
countries	AUG - Augsburg	Otto Truchsess von Waldburg
countries	AUG - Augsburg	Johann Eglof von Knöringen
countries	AUG - Augsburg	Friedrich von Grafeneck
countries	AUG - Augsburg	Alexander Sigmund
countries	AUG - Augsburg	Johann Franz Schenk
countries	AUG - Augsburg	Marquard II. vom Berg
countries	AUG - Augsburg	Heinrich IV. von Lichtenau
countries	AUG - Augsburg	Friedrich II. von Zollern
countries	AUG - Augsburg	Anselm von Nenningen
countries	AUG - Augsburg	Burkhard von Ellerbach
countries	AUG - Augsburg	Johann II von Werdenberg
countries	AUG - Augsburg	Johann Christoph
countries	AUG - Augsburg	Sigismund Franz
countries	AUG - Augsburg	Christoph von Stadion
countries	AUG - Augsburg	Joseph Ignaz Philipp
countries	AUG - Augsburg	Johann Otto von Gemmingen
countries	AUV - Auvergne	de la Tour
countries	AUV - Auvergne	Jean III
countries	AUV - Auvergne	Anne I
countries	AUV - Auvergne	Catherine I
countries	AUV - Auvergne	Marie I
countries	AUV - Auvergne	Bertrand
countries	AUV - Auvergne	Bertrand II
countries	AUV - Auvergne	Marie
countries	AUV - Auvergne	Jean
countries	AUV - Auvergne	Anne
countries	AUV - Auvergne	Bertrand III
countries	AUV - Auvergne	Catherine
countries	AUV - Auvergne	de' Medici
countries	AUV - Auvergne	d'Auvergne
countries	AUV - Auvergne	Jeanne II
countries	AVA - Ava	Sao Hung Pha
countries	AVA - Ava	Kale Kyetaungnyo
countries	AVA - Ava	Minkhaung II
countries	AVA - Ava	Narapati II
countries	AVA - Ava	Thihathura
countries	AVA - Ava	Narapati III
countries	AVA - Ava	Minhlange
countries	AVA - Ava	Minyekyawswa
countries	AVA - Ava	Minkhaung
countries	AVA - Ava	Ava
countries	AVA - Ava	Thadominbya
countries	AVA - Ava	Narapati
countries	AVA - Ava	Mohnyin
countries	AVA - Ava	Tarabya
countries	AVA - Ava	Swasawke
countries	AVA - Ava	Sao Hkun Mong
countries	AVA - Ava	Narapati IV
countries	AVA - Ava	Thihathu
countries	AVA - Ava	Mohnyin Thado
countries	AVI - Avignon	Benedictus XIII
countries	AVR - Avars	Ahmad
countries	AVR - Avars	Ankalav
countries	AVR - Avars	Bahu
countries	AVR - Avars	Gebek
countries	AVR - Avars	Umma Khan II
countries	AVR - Avars	Khan II
countries	AVR - Avars	Gebek Janku ibn Muhammad
countries	AVR - Avars	Dugru
countries	AVR - Avars	Ahmed Khan Mehtulinski
countries	AVR - Avars	Avari
countries	AVR - Avars	Mirza Vltava
countries	AVR - Avars	Muhammad ibn Umma
countries	AVR - Avars	Umma Khan III
countries	AVR - Avars	Muhammad Khan II
countries	AVR - Avars	Umma Khan
countries	AVR - Avars	Beg
countries	AVR - Avars	Muhammad
countries	AVR - Avars	Muhammad IV
countries	AYD - Aydin	Umar II
countries	AYD - Aydin	Junayd
countries	AYD - Aydin	Aydinoglu
countries	AYU - Ayutthaya	Thammaracha I
countries	AYU - Ayutthaya	Intha Racha
countries	AYU - Ayutthaya	Suphannaphum
countries	AYU - Ayutthaya	Boromakot
countries	AYU - Ayutthaya	Borommaracha
countries	AYU - Ayutthaya	Thonburi
countries	AYU - Ayutthaya	Rama I
countries	AYU - Ayutthaya	Khmer
countries	AYU - Ayutthaya	Si Saowaphak
countries	AYU - Ayutthaya	Narai
countries	AYU - Ayutthaya	Ramathibodi II
countries	AYU - Ayutthaya	Athittayawong
countries	AYU - Ayutthaya	Keo Fa
countries	AYU - Ayutthaya	Chettha
countries	AYU - Ayutthaya	Ramathibodi
countries	AYU - Ayutthaya	Naresuen
countries	AYU - Ayutthaya	Bun Si
countries	AYU - Ayutthaya	Chakkraphat
countries	AYU - Ayutthaya	Ramaracha
countries	AYU - Ayutthaya	Borommaracha III
countries	AYU - Ayutthaya	Mahin
countries	AYU - Ayutthaya	Si Suthammaracha
countries	AYU - Ayutthaya	Uthumphon
countries	AYU - Ayutthaya	Borommaracha II
countries	AYU - Ayutthaya	Sukhothai
countries	AYU - Ayutthaya	Ponney
countries	AYU - Ayutthaya	Taksin
countries	AYU - Ayutthaya	Chakri
countries	AYU - Ayutthaya	Trailokanat
countries	AYU - Ayutthaya	Phetracha
countries	AYU - Ayutthaya	Rama T'ibodi II
countries	AYU - Ayutthaya	Thai Sa
countries	AYU - Ayutthaya	Ratsada
countries	AYU - Ayutthaya	Chairacha
countries	AYU - Ayutthaya	Ekathotsarot
countries	AYU - Ayutthaya	Songtham
countries	AYU - Ayutthaya	Chao Fa Jai
countries	AYU - Ayutthaya	Ekkathat
countries	AYU - Ayutthaya	Ban Phlu Luang
countries	AYU - Ayutthaya	Rama II
countries	AYU - Ayutthaya	Prasat Thong
countries	AYU - Ayutthaya	Buddha Loetla Nabhalai
countries	AYU - Ayutthaya	Borommaracha IV
countries	AYU - Ayutthaya	Suriyenthrathibodi
countries	AYU - Ayutthaya	Phrachao Suea
countries	AYU - Ayutthaya	Uthong
countries	AZT - Aztec Empire	Itzcoatl
countries	AZT - Aztec Empire	Moctezuma
countries	AZT - Aztec Empire	Moctezuma II
countries	AZT - Aztec Empire	Moctezuma II Xocoytzin
countries	AZT - Aztec Empire	Moctezuma I
countries	AZT - Aztec Empire	Tizoc
countries	AZT - Aztec Empire	Moctezuma Ilhuicamina
countries	AZT - Aztec Empire	Acamapichtli
countries	AZT - Aztec Empire	Moctezuma I Ilhuicamina
countries	AZT - Aztec Empire	Acampichtli
countries	AZT - Aztec Empire	Axayacatl
countries	AZT - Aztec Empire	Ohimalpopoca
countries	AZT - Aztec Empire	Ahuitzotl
countries	AZT - Aztec Empire	Cuauhtemoc
countries	AZT - Aztec Empire	Huitzilihuitl
countries	BAD - Baden	Leopold
countries	BAD - Baden	Bernhard II
countries	BAD - Baden	Wilhelm I
countries	BAD - Baden	Karl Ludwig Friedrich
countries	BAD - Baden	Ludwig I
countries	BAD - Baden	Philibert
countries	BAD - Baden	Wilhelm
countries	BAD - Baden	August Georg Simpert
countries	BAD - Baden	Anne
countries	BAD - Baden	Eduard Fortunatus
countries	BAD - Baden	Christoph
countries	BAD - Baden	Ernst Friedrich I
countries	BAD - Baden	Christoph I
countries	BAD - Baden	Ludwig Georg I
countries	BAD - Baden	Bernhard III
countries	BAD - Baden	Ludwig Georg Simpert
countries	BAD - Baden	Philipp II
countries	BAD - Baden	Jakob
countries	BAD - Baden	Karl I
countries	BAD - Baden	Cirksena
countries	BAD - Baden	Ludwig Wilhelm
countries	BAD - Baden	Ludwig-Wilhelm I
countries	BAD - Baden	Georg Friedrich I
countries	BAD - Baden	Philipp
countries	BAD - Baden	Eduard Fortunatus I
countries	BAD - Baden	Karl Friedrich
countries	BAD - Baden	Karl
countries	BAD - Baden	August Georg I
countries	BAD - Baden	von Zähringen
countries	BAD - Baden	Bernhard I
countries	BAD - Baden	Ernst Friedrich
countries	BAD - Baden	Karl Friedrich I
countries	BAD - Baden	Jakob I
countries	BAD - Baden	Ludwig
countries	BAD - Baden	Philibert I
countries	BAD - Baden	Bernhard
countries	BAD - Baden	Georg Truchsess
countries	BAD - Baden	Georg Friedrich
countries	BAD - Baden	Ludwig Wilhelm I
countries	BAH - Bahmanis	Bahmanid
countries	BAH - Bahmanis	Ala ud-Din Ahmad
countries	BAH - Bahmanis	Qasim II
countries	BAH - Bahmanis	Amir II
countries	BAH - Bahmanis	Amir III
countries	BAH - Bahmanis	Ibrahim
countries	BAH - Bahmanis	Ala ud-Din Humanyun Shah
countries	BAH - Bahmanis	Muhammad Shah III
countries	BAH - Bahmanis	Amir I
countries	BAH - Bahmanis	Ala ud-Din Humayun Shah
countries	BAH - Bahmanis	Ala ud-Din Humayun
countries	BAH - Bahmanis	Makhduma-e-Jahan Nargis Begum
countries	BAH - Bahmanis	Taj ud-Din Firuz
countries	BAH - Bahmanis	Mahmud Shah IV
countries	BAH - Bahmanis	Ahmad
countries	BAH - Bahmanis	Qasim I
countries	BAH - Bahmanis	Ahmad Shah III
countries	BAH - Bahmanis	Ali II
countries	BAH - Bahmanis	Mahmud
countries	BAH - Bahmanis	Mirza Ali
countries	BAH - Bahmanis	Ala ud-Din Ahmad Shah II
countries	BAH - Bahmanis	Qasim
countries	BAH - Bahmanis	Ahmad Shah I Wali
countries	BAH - Bahmanis	Barid Shahi
countries	BAH - Bahmanis	Amir
countries	BAH - Bahmanis	Ali
countries	BAL - Baluchistan	Ahmad
countries	BAL - Baluchistan	Mirwari
countries	BAL - Baluchistan	Mir Muhabbat
countries	BAL - Baluchistan	Mir Muhammad Naseer I
countries	BAL - Baluchistan	Mir Mahmud I
countries	BAL - Baluchistan	Hasan
countries	BAL - Baluchistan	Mir Abdullah
countries	BAL - Baluchistan	Mir Mehrab
countries	BAL - Baluchistan	Mir Chakar
countries	BAL - Baluchistan	Ahmad II
countries	BAL - Baluchistan	Mir Mehrab I
countries	BAL - Baluchistan	Kumbar
countries	BAL - Baluchistan	Mir Mahmud
countries	BAL - Baluchistan	Mir Mehrab II
countries	BAL - Baluchistan	Samandar
countries	BAL - Baluchistan	Mir Muhammad Naseer
countries	BAL - Baluchistan	Ahmad I
countries	BAL - Baluchistan	Mir Shahzad
countries	BAL - Baluchistan	Kambarani
countries	BAL - Baluchistan	Rind
countries	BAN - Banten	bul Fadhal
countries	BAN - Banten	Abdul Mufakir
countries	BAN - Banten	Abdul Mahasin
countries	BAN - Banten	Abunasr
countries	BAN - Banten	Maulana Muhammad
countries	BAN - Banten	Muhammad Wasizainul
countries	BAN - Banten	Muhammad Arief
countries	BAN - Banten	Aliyuddin II
countries	BAN - Banten	Muhammad Rafiuddin
countries	BAN - Banten	Muhyidin Zainussolihin
countries	BAN - Banten	Ageng Tirtayasa
countries	BAN - Banten	Maulana Yusuf
countries	BAN - Banten	Abdul Ma'ali
countries	BAN - Banten	Muhammad Syafiuddin
countries	BAN - Banten	Haji Abunasr
countries	BAN - Banten	Muhammad Ishaq
countries	BAN - Banten	Abdul Mafakin
countries	BAN - Banten	Maulana Hasanudin
countries	BAN - Banten	Wakil Pangeran
countries	BAN - Banten	Maulana yusuf
countries	BAN - Banten	Muhamad Syifa
countries	BAN - Banten	Gunungjati
countries	BAN - Banten	Syarifudin Ratu
countries	BAR - Bar	Yolande
countries	BAR - Bar	de Vaudémont
countries	BAR - Bar	Edward III
countries	BAR - Bar	Robert I
countries	BAR - Bar	de Montbéliard
countries	BAR - Bar	Louis I
countries	BAR - Bar	Louis
countries	BAR - Bar	Edward
countries	BAV - Bavaria	von Wettin
countries	BAV - Bavaria	Ferdinand Maria
countries	BAV - Bavaria	Kunigunde
countries	BAV - Bavaria	von Habsburg
countries	BAV - Bavaria	Grönsfeld
countries	BAV - Bavaria	Ludwig I
countries	BAV - Bavaria	Seckendorf
countries	BAV - Bavaria	Ernst I
countries	BAV - Bavaria	Karoline
countries	BAV - Bavaria	Maximilian II Emanuel
countries	BAV - Bavaria	Maximilian I
countries	BAV - Bavaria	Ferdinand Maria I
countries	BAV - Bavaria	Elisabeth
countries	BAV - Bavaria	Maria Antonia
countries	BAV - Bavaria	Johann IV
countries	BAV - Bavaria	de Vaudémont
countries	BAV - Bavaria	Theresa Kunigunde
countries	BAV - Bavaria	Sobieski
countries	BAV - Bavaria	Karl Theodor
countries	BAV - Bavaria	Wilhelm V
countries	BAV - Bavaria	von Wittelsbach
countries	BAV - Bavaria	Maximilian III Joseph
countries	BAV - Bavaria	Albrecht III
countries	BAV - Bavaria	Maria Anna
countries	BAV - Bavaria	Albrecht IV der Weise
countries	BAV - Bavaria	Karl Albrecht I
countries	BAV - Bavaria	Siegmund
countries	BAV - Bavaria	Mercy
countries	BAV - Bavaria	Elisabeth Auguste
countries	BAV - Bavaria	Albrecht V
countries	BAV - Bavaria	Maximilian IV Joseph
countries	BAV - Bavaria	von Werth
countries	BAV - Bavaria	Tilly
countries	BAV - Bavaria	Wilhelm IV
countries	BAV - Bavaria	Maria Leopoldina
countries	BAV - Bavaria	von Zähringen
countries	BAV - Bavaria	Maximilian Joseph
countries	BAV - Bavaria	von Welf
countries	BAV - Bavaria	Siegmund I
countries	BAV - Bavaria	Henrietta Adelaide
countries	BAV - Bavaria	Ludwig
countries	BAV - Bavaria	di Savoia
countries	BAV - Bavaria	Maria Amalia
countries	BAV - Bavaria	Albrecht
countries	BAV - Bavaria	Karl Theodor I
countries	BAV - Bavaria	Anna
countries	BAV - Bavaria	Renata
countries	BAV - Bavaria	Albrecht der Weise
countries	BAV - Bavaria	Maximilian Emanuel
countries	BAV - Bavaria	Maximilian
countries	BAV - Bavaria	Johann
countries	BAV - Bavaria	Max II Emmanuel
countries	BAV - Bavaria	Wilhelm
countries	BAV - Bavaria	Karl Albrecht
countries	BDA - Baroda	Pilaji Rao
countries	BDA - Baroda	Sayaji Rao II
countries	BDA - Baroda	Sayaji Rao I
countries	BDA - Baroda	Sayaji Rao
countries	BDA - Baroda	Damaji Rao
countries	BDA - Baroda	Govind Rao
countries	BDA - Baroda	Gaekwad
countries	BDA - Baroda	Manaji Rao
countries	BDA - Baroda	Fateh Singh Rao
countries	BDA - Baroda	Damaji Rao II
countries	BDA - Baroda	Anand Rao
countries	BDA - Baroda	 Sayaji Rao II
countries	BEI - Brunei	Hasan
countries	BEI - Brunei	Sayf ar-Rijal
countries	BEI - Brunei	Bulkiah
countries	BEI - Brunei	Muhyî ad-Dîn
countries	BEI - Brunei	'Abd al-Jalîl II
countries	BEI - Brunei	Sulaymân
countries	BEI - Brunei	Alâ' ad-Dîn
countries	BEI - Brunei	Kamâl ad-Dîn
countries	BEI - Brunei	Muhammad
countries	BEI - Brunei	Ahmad
countries	BEI - Brunei	Muhammad Jamâl ad-Dîn
countries	BEI - Brunei	Shâh Brunî
countries	BEI - Brunei	'Abd al-Jalîl I
countries	BEI - Brunei	Muhammad Tâj ad-Dîn
countries	BEI - Brunei	'Abd al-Jalîl
countries	BEI - Brunei	Nasr ad-Dîn
countries	BEI - Brunei	Muhammad Khân dhul 'Alam
countries	BEI - Brunei	Muhammad 'Alî
countries	BEI - Brunei	Sayf ad-Dîn
countries	BEI - Brunei	Pateh Berbai
countries	BEI - Brunei	Bolkiah
countries	BEI - Brunei	'Abd al-Mubin
countries	BEI - Brunei	'Abd al-Qahhar
countries	BEI - Brunei	Sayf ad-Dîn I
countries	BEI - Brunei	Shâh Bruni
countries	BEJ - Beja	Balawat
countries	BEJ - Beja	Nazir
countries	BEJ - Beja	Nazir II
countries	BEN - Benin	Obanosa
countries	BEN - Benin	Ezoti
countries	BEN - Benin	Abomey
countries	BEN - Benin	Olua
countries	BEN - Benin	Ozolua
countries	BEN - Benin	Orhogbua
countries	BEN - Benin	Ehengbuda
countries	BEN - Benin	Ahenzae
countries	BEN - Benin	Eresonyen
countries	BEN - Benin	Ohuan
countries	BEN - Benin	Oreoghene
countries	BEN - Benin	Ezoiti
countries	BEN - Benin	Akengbedo
countries	BEN - Benin	Akenkpaye
countries	BEN - Benin	Ogbebo
countries	BEN - Benin	Ozuere
countries	BEN - Benin	Ewuare
countries	BEN - Benin	Akenzua I
countries	BEN - Benin	Orobiru
countries	BEN - Benin	Ewauakpe
countries	BEN - Benin	 Oreoghene
countries	BEN - Benin	Akenzae
countries	BEN - Benin	Esigie
countries	BEN - Benin	Akenzua
countries	BEN - Benin	Osemwede
countries	BEN - Benin	Ewuakpe
countries	BEN - Benin	Uwaifiokun
countries	BEN - Benin	Akengboi
countries	BEN - Benin	Akengbuda
countries	BER - Berry	Jean I
countries	BER - Berry	de Valois
countries	BGA - Baglana	Bhairava II
countries	BGA - Baglana	Nanadeva
countries	BGA - Baglana	Somdevji
countries	BGA - Baglana	Ramdevji II
countries	BGA - Baglana	Ramdevji
countries	BGA - Baglana	Rastraudha
countries	BGA - Baglana	Rupdevji Somdevji
countries	BGA - Baglana	Sahadevji
countries	BGA - Baglana	Jopideva
countries	BGA - Baglana	Viramasena
countries	BGA - Baglana	Daulatmand
countries	BGA - Baglana	Daulatmand Khan
countries	BGA - Baglana	Vijayadevji Rupdevji
countries	BGA - Baglana	Sisodiya
countries	BGA - Baglana	Bhairava
countries	BGA - Baglana	Bhairava III
countries	BGA - Baglana	Dharamdevji Ramdevji
countries	BGA - Baglana	Nanadeva II
countries	BGL - Bagelkhand	Ajit
countries	BGL - Bagelkhand	Bhao
countries	BGL - Bagelkhand	Bhao Singh
countries	BGL - Bagelkhand	Virama Dev
countries	BGL - Bagelkhand	Baghela
countries	BGL - Bagelkhand	Anoop
countries	BGL - Bagelkhand	Jai Singh
countries	BGL - Bagelkhand	Virbhan Singh
countries	BGL - Bagelkhand	Amar
countries	BGL - Bagelkhand	Duryodhan Singh
countries	BGL - Bagelkhand	Avadhut Singh
countries	BGL - Bagelkhand	Veer Singh
countries	BGL - Bagelkhand	Anoop Singh
countries	BGL - Bagelkhand	Shaktivan Deo
countries	BGL - Bagelkhand	Vikramaditya
countries	BGL - Bagelkhand	Anirudh Singh
countries	BGL - Bagelkhand	Avadhut
countries	BGL - Bagelkhand	Ajit Singh
countries	BGL - Bagelkhand	Ramachandra Singh
countries	BGL - Bagelkhand	Amar Singh II
countries	BGL - Bagelkhand	Duryodhan
countries	BGL - Bagelkhand	Ramachandra
countries	BGL - Bagelkhand	Anirudh
countries	BGL - Bagelkhand	Jai
countries	BGL - Bagelkhand	Virbhan
countries	BHU - Bhutan	Jigme Dragpa II
countries	BHU - Bhutan	Jigme Norbu
countries	BHU - Bhutan	Phyogla Namgyal
countries	BHU - Bhutan	Kunga Gyaltshen
countries	BHU - Bhutan	Mipham Wangpo
countries	BHU - Bhutan	Pekar Jungney
countries	BHU - Bhutan	Jigme Dragpa I
countries	BHU - Bhutan	Choeki Gyaltshen
countries	BHU - Bhutan	Ngawang Namgyal
countries	BIJ - Bijapur	Yakut Khan
countries	BIJ - Bijapur	Ismail
countries	BIJ - Bijapur	Mallu
countries	BIJ - Bijapur	Adil Shahi
countries	BIJ - Bijapur	Ibrahim II
countries	BIJ - Bijapur	Sikandar
countries	BIJ - Bijapur	Ibrahim I
countries	BIJ - Bijapur	Ali I
countries	BIJ - Bijapur	Muhammad
countries	BIJ - Bijapur	Ali II
countries	BIJ - Bijapur	Ibrahim
countries	BIJ - Bijapur	Yusuf
countries	BIJ - Bijapur	Ali
countries	BLA - Blackfoot	Native Council
countries	BLI - Bali	 Dyah Kertawijaya
countries	BLI - Bali	Samprangan
countries	BLI - Bali	Dewa Agung Di Made
countries	BLI - Bali	Watu Renggong
countries	BLI - Bali	Suhita
countries	BLI - Bali	Wikramawardhana
countries	BLI - Bali	Dyah Kertawijaya
countries	BLI - Bali	Dewa Agung Putra II
countries	BLI - Bali	Dalem Bekung
countries	BLI - Bali	Dalem Di Made
countries	BLI - Bali	Dewa Agung Jambe
countries	BLI - Bali	Vijaya
countries	BLI - Bali	Ketut Ngulesir
countries	BLI - Bali	Dalem Di Made II
countries	BLI - Bali	Dewa Agung Putra
countries	BLI - Bali	Dewa Agung Sakti
countries	BLM - Blambangan	Sunan Tawangalun
countries	BLM - Blambangan	Santaguna
countries	BLM - Blambangan	Pangeran Wilis
countries	BLM - Blambangan	Pangeran Putra
countries	BLM - Blambangan	Prabhu Tawangalun
countries	BLM - Blambangan	Danuningrat
countries	BLM - Blambangan	Blambangan
countries	BLM - Blambangan	Mas Karian
countries	BLM - Blambangan	Mancanagara
countries	BLM - Blambangan	Pangeran Pati
countries	BLM - Blambangan	Menak Pentor
countries	BLO - Beloozero	Rurikovich
countries	BLO - Beloozero	Mikhail
countries	BLO - Beloozero	Vasily
countries	BND - Bundelkhand	Pahar Singh
countries	BND - Bundelkhand	Bir Singh Deo
countries	BND - Bundelkhand	Udwat Singh
countries	BND - Bundelkhand	Jujhar Singh
countries	BND - Bundelkhand	Fath al-Din Jalal Shah
countries	BND - Bundelkhand	Bharti-candra Mahndra
countries	BND - Bundelkhand	Devi Singh
countries	BND - Bundelkhand	Jaswant Singh
countries	BND - Bundelkhand	Nasir Khan
countries	BND - Bundelkhand	Prithvi Singh
countries	BND - Bundelkhand	Malkhan Singh
countries	BND - Bundelkhand	Sawant Singh Mahendra
countries	BND - Bundelkhand	Qadir
countries	BND - Bundelkhand	Nasir
countries	BND - Bundelkhand	Bharti-candra I
countries	BND - Bundelkhand	Ram Shah
countries	BND - Bundelkhand	Nasir al-Din Mahmud Shah
countries	BND - Bundelkhand	Rudra-pratap Singh
countries	BND - Bundelkhand	Bundela
countries	BND - Bundelkhand	Bharti-candra
countries	BND - Bundelkhand	Sujan Singh
countries	BND - Bundelkhand	Bharti-candra II Mahndra
countries	BND - Bundelkhand	Man Singh Mahendra
countries	BND - Bundelkhand	Sujan Singh I
countries	BND - Bundelkhand	Malikzada
countries	BND - Bundelkhand	Baghwat Singh
countries	BND - Bundelkhand	Qadir Shah
countries	BND - Bundelkhand	Madukar
countries	BND - Bundelkhand	HatiSingh Mahendra
countries	BND - Bundelkhand	Madukar Shah
countries	BND - Bundelkhand	Vikramajit Mahendra
countries	BND - Bundelkhand	Fath al-Din Jalal
countries	BND - Bundelkhand	Bir Singh Deo I
countries	BND - Bundelkhand	Indramani Singh
countries	BNG - Bengal	Shams ad-Din Muzaffar
countries	BNG - Bengal	Nasiri
countries	BNG - Bengal	Firuz
countries	BNG - Bengal	Raja Ganesh
countries	BNG - Bengal	Karrani
countries	BNG - Bengal	Shuja' ad-Din Muhammad
countries	BNG - Bengal	Mirza Mahmud Siraj
countries	BNG - Bengal	Afshar
countries	BNG - Bengal	Mir Qasim 'Ali
countries	BNG - Bengal	Ghiyat ad-Din Jalal
countries	BNG - Bengal	Rukun-ud-Din Barbak
countries	BNG - Bengal	Shahzada Barbak
countries	BNG - Bengal	Ali-Vardi Khan
countries	BNG - Bengal	Sayf ad-Daula
countries	BNG - Bengal	Mohammed
countries	BNG - Bengal	Bayazid
countries	BNG - Bengal	Islam Shah
countries	BNG - Bengal	Nasir-ud-Din Mahmud II
countries	BNG - Bengal	Shams-ud-Din Yusuf
countries	BNG - Bengal	Sulayman Khan
countries	BNG - Bengal	Da'ud
countries	BNG - Bengal	Ala-ud-din Husain
countries	BNG - Bengal	Mir Muhammad Ja'far
countries	BNG - Bengal	Hamza
countries	BNG - Bengal	Nasir ad-Din Nasrat
countries	BNG - Bengal	Jalaluddin Mohammed
countries	BNG - Bengal	'Ala' ad-Din Firuz III
countries	BNG - Bengal	Ghiyat ad-Din Bahadur
countries	BNG - Bengal	Ala-ud-Din Firuz
countries	BNG - Bengal	Sikandar II
countries	BNG - Bengal	Ilya Shahi
countries	BNG - Bengal	Ala-ud-din Firuz III
countries	BNG - Bengal	Shihab-ud-Din Bayazid
countries	BNG - Bengal	Ahmad
countries	BNG - Bengal	Hussein Shahi
countries	BNG - Bengal	Ilyas Shahi
countries	BNG - Bengal	Ala-ud-din Firuz
countries	BNG - Bengal	Mir Phulwari Najm
countries	BNG - Bengal	Abyssinid
countries	BNG - Bengal	Suri
countries	BNG - Bengal	Nasir-ud-Din Mahmud
countries	BNG - Bengal	Ganesha
countries	BNG - Bengal	Sayf-ud-Din Firuz
countries	BNG - Bengal	Najafi
countries	BNG - Bengal	Yusuf
countries	BNG - Bengal	Murshid Quli
countries	BNG - Bengal	Ghiyasuddin Azam
countries	BNG - Bengal	Mubarak ad-Daula
countries	BNG - Bengal	Sikandar
countries	BNG - Bengal	Shams ud-Din Muhammad
countries	BNG - Bengal	'Ala' ad-Daula Sarafaraz
countries	BNG - Bengal	Sher Shah
countries	BNG - Bengal	Sayf ad-Din Firuz
countries	BNG - Bengal	'Ala' ad-Daula Sarfaraz
countries	BNG - Bengal	Barbak
countries	BNG - Bengal	Sayf-ud-Din Hamza
countries	BNG - Bengal	Shamsuddin Ahmad
countries	BNG - Bengal	Ghiyasuddin Mahmud
countries	BNG - Bengal	Jalal ad-Din Fateh
countries	BNJ - Banjar	Tamjidullah I
countries	BNJ - Banjar	Muhammadillah
countries	BNJ - Banjar	Rahmatullah
countries	BNJ - Banjar	Adam Al-Watsiq Billah
countries	BNJ - Banjar	Tahmidullah II
countries	BNJ - Banjar	Saidullah
countries	BNJ - Banjar	Panembahan Kasuma Dilaga
countries	BNJ - Banjar	Hamidullah
countries	BNJ - Banjar	Mustain Billah
countries	BNJ - Banjar	Inayatullah
countries	BNJ - Banjar	Tamjidullah
countries	BNJ - Banjar	Suriansyah
countries	BNJ - Banjar	Amrullah Bagus Kasuma
countries	BNJ - Banjar	Hidayatullah
countries	BNJ - Banjar	Sulaiman al-Mutamidullah
countries	BNJ - Banjar	Tahmidullah I
countries	BNJ - Banjar	Negara Daha
countries	BNJ - Banjar	Tahmidullah
countries	BNJ - Banjar	Ri'ayatullah
countries	BNY - Bunyoro	Olimi IV
countries	BNY - Bunyoro	Nyarwa
countries	BNY - Bunyoro	Winyi
countries	BNY - Bunyoro	Babiito
countries	BNY - Bunyoro	Anabwani I
countries	BNY - Bunyoro	Rikidu
countries	BNY - Bunyoro	Kyebambe I
countries	BNY - Bunyoro	Nyaika
countries	BNY - Bunyoro	Winyi I
countries	BNY - Bunyoro	Olimi II
countries	BNY - Bunyoro	Winyi II
countries	BNY - Bunyoro	Cwamali
countries	BNY - Bunyoro	Anabwani
countries	BNY - Bunyoro	Winyi III
countries	BNY - Bunyoro	Kyebambe II
countries	BNY - Bunyoro	Nyamutukura
countries	BNY - Bunyoro	Ocaki
countries	BNY - Bunyoro	Duhaga
countries	BNY - Bunyoro	Olimi I
countries	BNY - Bunyoro	Olimi
countries	BNY - Bunyoro	Masamba
countries	BNY - Bunyoro	Olimi III
countries	BOH - Bohemia	Ludvik I
countries	BOH - Bohemia	von Habsburg
countries	BOH - Bohemia	von Luxemburg
countries	BOH - Bohemia	Anne
countries	BOH - Bohemia	Vladislav II
countries	BOH - Bohemia	Matthias
countries	BOH - Bohemia	Barbara
countries	BOH - Bohemia	Maria
countries	BOH - Bohemia	Jirí
countries	BOH - Bohemia	Ferdinand I
countries	BOH - Bohemia	Christian of Anhalt
countries	BOH - Bohemia	The Bohemian Estates
countries	BOH - Bohemia	Landfriedens
countries	BOH - Bohemia	von Hohenzollern
countries	BOH - Bohemia	Rudolf II
countries	BOH - Bohemia	z Podebrad
countries	BOH - Bohemia	Joanna
countries	BOH - Bohemia	Beatrice
countries	BOH - Bohemia	Václav IV
countries	BOH - Bohemia	de Trastámara
countries	BOH - Bohemia	Rozmitál
countries	BOH - Bohemia	Maximilian II
countries	BOH - Bohemia	Prokop Holý
countries	BOH - Bohemia	de Foix
countries	BOH - Bohemia	Thurn
countries	BOH - Bohemia	Jan Zizka
countries	BON - bonoman	Nana Nananom Owusu Bore
countries	BON - bonoman	Kofi Sono
countries	BON - bonoman	Gyaamanhene
countries	BON - bonoman	Bonomanhene
countries	BON - bonoman	Nana Boadi Akim
countries	BON - bonoman	Nana Yaw Awere
countries	BON - bonoman	Nana Akrofi Brempong
countries	BON - bonoman	Agyeman
countries	BON - bonoman	Abo Kofi
countries	BON - bonoman	Tekyimanhene
countries	BON - bonoman	Kosounou
countries	BON - bonoman	Kyereme Kofi
countries	BON - bonoman	Biri Kofin Panyin
countries	BOS - Bosnia	Radivoj Ostojic
countries	BOS - Bosnia	Stjepan Tvrtko II
countries	BOS - Bosnia	Stjepan Toma Ostojic
countries	BOS - Bosnia	Stjepan Ostoja
countries	BOS - Bosnia	Sjepan Tvrtko II
countries	BOS - Bosnia	Stjepan Ostojic
countries	BOS - Bosnia	Stjepan Tomaevic
countries	BOS - Bosnia	Kotromanic
countries	BOU - Bourbonnais	Pierre II
countries	BOU - Bourbonnais	Jean
countries	BOU - Bourbonnais	Charles I
countries	BOU - Bourbonnais	Charles III
countries	BOU - Bourbonnais	Charles II
countries	BOU - Bourbonnais	de Bourbon
countries	BOU - Bourbonnais	Charles
countries	BOU - Bourbonnais	Suzanne
countries	BOU - Bourbonnais	Jean II
countries	BOU - Bourbonnais	Pierre
countries	BOU - Bourbonnais	Henri I
countries	BOU - Bourbonnais	Louis-Joseph
countries	BOU - Bourbonnais	Charles de Bourbon
countries	BOU - Bourbonnais	Antoine
countries	BOU - Bourbonnais	Charles IV
countries	BOU - Bourbonnais	Suzanne I
countries	BOU - Bourbonnais	Antoine I
countries	BOU - Bourbonnais	Jean I
countries	BOU - Bourbonnais	Louis
countries	BOU - Bourbonnais	César
countries	BOU - Bourbonnais	Louis II
countries	BPI - Biapas	Eshaqvand
countries	BPI - Biapas	Jamshid
countries	BPI - Biapas	Rostam
countries	BPI - Biapas	Ala al-Din II
countries	BPI - Biapas	Mahmud
countries	BPI - Biapas	Ala al-Din
countries	BPI - Biapas	Mozaffar
countries	BRA - Brandenburg	Georg von Frundsberg
countries	BRA - Brandenburg	von Wettin
countries	BRA - Brandenburg	F. von Hessen-Homburg
countries	BRA - Brandenburg	Askanier
countries	BRA - Brandenburg	von Luxemburg
countries	BRA - Brandenburg	Joachim Friedrich I
countries	BRA - Brandenburg	Albrecht Achilles
countries	BRA - Brandenburg	Otto von Sparr
countries	BRA - Brandenburg	Friedrich III
countries	BRA - Brandenburg	Joachim I Nestor
countries	BRA - Brandenburg	Hedwig
countries	BRA - Brandenburg	Casimir
countries	BRA - Brandenburg	Margarete
countries	BRA - Brandenburg	Johann Georg I
countries	BRA - Brandenburg	Friedrich II
countries	BRA - Brandenburg	Jagiellon
countries	BRA - Brandenburg	von Dessau
countries	BRA - Brandenburg	Elisabeth
countries	BRA - Brandenburg	Friedrich I Wilhelm
countries	BRA - Brandenburg	Joachim II Hektor
countries	BRA - Brandenburg	von Oldenburg
countries	BRA - Brandenburg	von Wittelsbach
countries	BRA - Brandenburg	Eleanor
countries	BRA - Brandenburg	Joachim Nestor
countries	BRA - Brandenburg	Joachim Friedrich
countries	BRA - Brandenburg	Johann Cicero
countries	BRA - Brandenburg	von Hohenzollern
countries	BRA - Brandenburg	Johann Sigismund I
countries	BRA - Brandenburg	Sophia Charlotte
countries	BRA - Brandenburg	Friedrich Wilhelm I
countries	BRA - Brandenburg	Friedrich I
countries	BRA - Brandenburg	Georg Wilhelm
countries	BRA - Brandenburg	Friedrich Wilhelm
countries	BRA - Brandenburg	Sabina
countries	BRA - Brandenburg	Johann Sigismund
countries	BRA - Brandenburg	von Holstein-Gottorp
countries	BRA - Brandenburg	Siegmund I
countries	BRA - Brandenburg	Jobst I
countries	BRA - Brandenburg	Johann Georg
countries	BRA - Brandenburg	von Nassau
countries	BRA - Brandenburg	Friedrich
countries	BRA - Brandenburg	Joachim Hektor
countries	BRA - Brandenburg	Albrecht III Achilles
countries	BRA - Brandenburg	von Hannover
countries	BRA - Brandenburg	Anna
countries	BRA - Brandenburg	Johann I Sigismund
countries	BRA - Brandenburg	Catherine
countries	BRA - Brandenburg	Johann Cicero I
countries	BRA - Brandenburg	Elisabeth Charlotte
countries	BRA - Brandenburg	Sophia Dorothea
countries	BRA - Brandenburg	Georg von Derfflinger
countries	BRA - Brandenburg	Louise Henriette
countries	BRA - Brandenburg	Georg Wilhelm I
countries	BRA - Brandenburg	Albrecht Alcibiades
countries	BRB - Brabant	Philip I
countries	BRB - Brabant	de Reginar
countries	BRB - Brabant	John IV
countries	BRB - Brabant	Philip
countries	BRB - Brabant	Jeanne
countries	BRB - Brabant	de Valois
countries	BRB - Brabant	John
countries	BRB - Brabant	Antoine
countries	BRE - Bremen	Stadtrat
countries	BRI - Brittany	Arthur de Dreux
countries	BRI - Brittany	Pierre II
countries	BRI - Brittany	Jean
countries	BRI - Brittany	Anne
countries	BRI - Brittany	François III
countries	BRI - Brittany	Lancaster
countries	BRI - Brittany	Jean VI
countries	BRI - Brittany	Claude I
countries	BRI - Brittany	François I
countries	BRI - Brittany	Jean V
countries	BRI - Brittany	Holland
countries	BRI - Brittany	Pierre
countries	BRI - Brittany	Claude
countries	BRI - Brittany	Mary
countries	BRI - Brittany	François II
countries	BRI - Brittany	Jeanne
countries	BRI - Brittany	Stuart
countries	BRI - Brittany	Joan
countries	BRI - Brittany	François
countries	BRI - Brittany	d'Évreux
countries	BRI - Brittany	Françoise
countries	BRI - Brittany	d'Amboise
countries	BRI - Brittany	de Dreux
countries	BRI - Brittany	Isabel
countries	BRI - Brittany	Anne I
countries	BRI - Brittany	Artur III
countries	BRI - Brittany	de Valois
countries	BRI - Brittany	Arthur III
countries	BRI - Brittany	Arthur
countries	BRR - Berar	Taufal Khan
countries	BRR - Berar	Fath Allah 'Imad Malik
countries	BRR - Berar	Burkhan
countries	BRR - Berar	'Ala' ad-din
countries	BRR - Berar	Burkhan 'Imad Shah
countries	BRR - Berar	Imad Shahi
countries	BRR - Berar	Dariya
countries	BRT - Buryats	Native Council
countries	BRU - Brunswick	Karl Wilhelm Ferdinand
countries	BRU - Brunswick	Heinrich
countries	BRU - Brunswick	Wilhelm I
countries	BRU - Brunswick	Wilhelm II
countries	BRU - Brunswick	August
countries	BRU - Brunswick	Anton Ulrich
countries	BRU - Brunswick	Heinrich IV
countries	BRU - Brunswick	Ferdinand Albrecht
countries	BRU - Brunswick	Julius
countries	BRU - Brunswick	Ferdinand Albrecht I
countries	BRU - Brunswick	Ludwig Rudolf
countries	BRU - Brunswick	Heinrich Julius I
countries	BRU - Brunswick	Karl II Wilhelm Ferdinand
countries	BRU - Brunswick	Karl I
countries	BRU - Brunswick	August Wilhelm
countries	BRU - Brunswick	Rudolf August
countries	BRU - Brunswick	Ludwig Rudolf I
countries	BRU - Brunswick	Karl
countries	BRU - Brunswick	Helen
countries	BRU - Brunswick	Anton Ulrich I
countries	BRU - Brunswick	August Wilhelm I
countries	BRU - Brunswick	von Welf
countries	BRU - Brunswick	August II
countries	BRU - Brunswick	von der Mark
countries	BRU - Brunswick	Heinrich der Jüngere
countries	BRU - Brunswick	Heinrich Julius
countries	BRU - Brunswick	Heinrich der Ältere
countries	BRU - Brunswick	Rudolf August I
countries	BRU - Brunswick	Heinrich der Milde
countries	BRU - Brunswick	Friedrich Ulrich I
countries	BRU - Brunswick	Wilhelm
countries	BRU - Brunswick	Friedrich Ulrich
countries	BRU - Brunswick	Friedrich Wilhelm
countries	BRU - Brunswick	Julius I
countries	BSG - Basoga	Council of Chiefs
countries	BSR - Basra	Ahmad
countries	BSR - Basra	Husayn
countries	BSR - Basra	Muhammad Osman
countries	BSR - Basra	Ulyanoglu
countries	BSR - Basra	Ali Pasha
countries	BSR - Basra	Afrasiyab
countries	BSR - Basra	Rashid
countries	BSR - Basra	al-Mughamis
countries	BSR - Basra	Afrasiyabid
countries	BSR - Basra	Afrasiyab II
countries	BSR - Basra	Ali
countries	BST - Bastar	Mahipal
countries	BST - Bastar	Purushottam
countries	BST - Bastar	Dalpat
countries	BST - Bastar	Rajpal
countries	BST - Bastar	Dakhin Singh
countries	BST - Bastar	Purushottam Deo
countries	BST - Bastar	Pratap
countries	BST - Bastar	Daryao Deo
countries	BST - Bastar	Hamir Deo
countries	BST - Bastar	Mahipal Deo
countries	BST - Bastar	Bhanja
countries	BST - Bastar	Digpal Deo
countries	BST - Bastar	Daryao
countries	BST - Bastar	Digpal
countries	BST - Bastar	Bhaitai
countries	BST - Bastar	Dakhin
countries	BST - Bastar	Bhaitai Deo
countries	BST - Bastar	Rajpal Deo
countries	BST - Bastar	Pratap Deo
countries	BST - Bastar	Dalpat Deo
countries	BTI - Semien	Gideon V
countries	BTI - Semien	Gideonid
countries	BTI - Semien	Pinchas
countries	BTI - Semien	Gideon VI
countries	BTI - Semien	Joram
countries	BTI - Semien	Caleb
countries	BTI - Semien	Radi
countries	BTI - Semien	Gideon VII
countries	BTI - Semien	Goshen
countries	BTL - Bitlis	Muhammad Abid
countries	BTL - Bitlis	Serefhan IV
countries	BTL - Bitlis	Bidlo
countries	BTL - Bitlis	Semseddin III
countries	BTL - Bitlis	Serefhan V
countries	BTL - Bitlis	Abdal Khan
countries	BTL - Bitlis	Rojaki
countries	BTN - Buton	Tuni Pasulu
countries	BTN - Buton	Karaeng Tunibatta
countries	BTN - Buton	Tunyachoka-ri
countries	BTN - Buton	Shahab
countries	BTN - Buton	Sankilang
countries	BTN - Buton	Batara Gowa
countries	BTN - Buton	'Uthmân
countries	BTN - Buton	Tuni Djallori
countries	BTN - Buton	Tuni Palonga
countries	BTN - Buton	Amir Hamza
countries	BTN - Buton	Fakhr
countries	BTN - Buton	Bau-Bau
countries	BTN - Buton	'Abd al-Khaliq
countries	BTN - Buton	Muhammad 'Ali
countries	BTN - Buton	Parabung
countries	BTS - Betsimisaraka	Betsimisaraka
countries	BTS - Betsimisaraka	Ratsimilahoe
countries	BTS - Betsimisaraka	Zakavolo
countries	BTS - Betsimisaraka	Zanahary
countries	BTS - Betsimisaraka	Iavy
countries	BTS - Betsimisaraka	Tsihala
countries	BTU - Butuan	Butuan
countries	BTU - Butuan	Si Awi
countries	BTU - Butuan	Colambu
countries	BUG - Buganda	Kyabaggu
countries	BUG - Buganda	Abalasangeye
countries	BUG - Buganda	Kiggala
countries	BUG - Buganda	Jjunju
countries	BUG - Buganda	Kateregga
countries	BUG - Buganda	Mulondo
countries	BUG - Buganda	Tebandeke
countries	BUG - Buganda	Kimbugwe
countries	BUG - Buganda	Kikulwe
countries	BUG - Buganda	Juuko
countries	BUG - Buganda	Mutebi
countries	BUG - Buganda	Jemba
countries	BUG - Buganda	Kayemba
countries	BUG - Buganda	Kagulu
countries	BUG - Buganda	Nakibinge
countries	BUG - Buganda	Suuna
countries	BUG - Buganda	Kayima
countries	BUG - Buganda	Ndawula
countries	BUG - Buganda	Semakookiro
countries	BUG - Buganda	Kiyimba
countries	BUG - Buganda	Mawanda
countries	BUG - Buganda	Sekamaanya
countries	BUG - Buganda	Namuggala
countries	BUK - Bukhara	Abu Said
countries	BUK - Bukhara	Abu'l-Feiz
countries	BUK - Bukhara	Pir Muhammad II
countries	BUK - Bukhara	Abdul-Aziz
countries	BUK - Bukhara	Imam Quli
countries	BUK - Bukhara	Subhan Quli
countries	BUK - Bukhara	Pir Muhammad I
countries	BUK - Bukhara	Nadir Muhammad
countries	BUK - Bukhara	Vali Muhammad
countries	BUK - Bukhara	Manghit
countries	BUK - Bukhara	Abdul-Latif
countries	BUK - Bukhara	Navruz Ahmad
countries	BUK - Bukhara	Abdul-Mumin
countries	BUK - Bukhara	Genghisid
countries	BUK - Bukhara	Shaybanid
countries	BUK - Bukhara	Kochkunju
countries	BUK - Bukhara	Muhammad Rahim
countries	BUK - Bukhara	Muhammad
countries	BUK - Bukhara	Iskandar
countries	BUK - Bukhara	Shahmurad
countries	BUK - Bukhara	Ubaydulla
countries	BUK - Bukhara	Haydar
countries	BUK - Bukhara	Daniyal
countries	BUK - Bukhara	Abdulla II
countries	BUK - Bukhara	Ubaydulla II
countries	BUK - Bukhara	Baqi Muhammad
countries	BUK - Bukhara	Abdulla I
countries	BUR - Burgundy	Charles II
countries	BUR - Burgundy	Jean II
countries	BUR - Burgundy	Charles I le Téméraire
countries	BUR - Burgundy	de Avis
countries	BUR - Burgundy	Charles
countries	BUR - Burgundy	von Habsburg
countries	BUR - Burgundy	Philippe IV
countries	BUR - Burgundy	Marie I
countries	BUR - Burgundy	Philippe III
countries	BUR - Burgundy	de Bourgogne
countries	BUR - Burgundy	Jean
countries	BUR - Burgundy	Marie
countries	BUR - Burgundy	York
countries	BUR - Burgundy	Margaret
countries	BUR - Burgundy	Charles I
countries	BUR - Burgundy	Philippe II
countries	BUR - Burgundy	Isabella
countries	BUR - Burgundy	Jean de Pressy
countries	BUR - Burgundy	Philippe
countries	BUU - Burundi	Mwezi II
countries	BUU - Burundi	Ntare I Rushatsi
countries	BUU - Burundi	Mutaga II
countries	BUU - Burundi	Mwambutsa I
countries	BUU - Burundi	Ntwero
countries	BUU - Burundi	Mwambutsa III
countries	BUU - Burundi	Mwambutsa II
countries	BUU - Burundi	Ntare II
countries	BUU - Burundi	Ntare III
countries	BUU - Burundi	Karemera
countries	BUU - Burundi	Baramparaye
countries	BUU - Burundi	Mutaga III
countries	BUU - Burundi	Mutaga I
countries	BUU - Burundi	Mwezi III
countries	BYZ - ByzantineEmpire	Manuel II
countries	BYZ - ByzantineEmpire	Konstantinos XI
countries	BYZ - ByzantineEmpire	Ioannes VIII
countries	BYZ - ByzantineEmpire	Giovanni Giustiniani
countries	BYZ - ByzantineEmpire	Konstantinos
countries	BYZ - ByzantineEmpire	Ioannes
countries	BYZ - ByzantineEmpire	Palaiologos
countries	CAB - Carib	Native Council
countries	CAD - Caddo	Native Council
countries	CAS - Castile	Enrique IV
countries	CAS - Castile	Fernando V
countries	CAS - Castile	von Habsburg
countries	CAS - Castile	Alonso de Ojeda
countries	CAS - Castile	Álvaro de Luna
countries	CAS - Castile	Enrique
countries	CAS - Castile	Maria
countries	CAS - Castile	Isabella
countries	CAS - Castile	Juan II
countries	CAS - Castile	Amerigo Vespucci
countries	CAS - Castile	Vasco Núñez de Balboa
countries	CAS - Castile	Enrique III
countries	CAS - Castile	Fadrique Álv. de Toledo
countries	CAS - Castile	Juana I
countries	CAS - Castile	Juan
countries	CAS - Castile	de Avis
countries	CAS - Castile	Joana
countries	CAS - Castile	Isabel I
countries	CAS - Castile	Juana
countries	CAS - Castile	de Trastámara
countries	CAS - Castile	(Regency)
countries	CAS - Castile	Cristóbal Colón
countries	CAS - Castile	Isabel
countries	CAS - Castile	Ferran
countries	CAS - Castile	Felipe I
countries	CAS - Castile	Juan Ponce de León
countries	CAS - Castile	El Gran Capitán
countries	CAS - Castile	Pánfilo de Narváez
countries	CBA - Chiba	Tanenobu
countries	CBA - Chiba	Tanemochi
countries	CBA - Chiba	Toshitane
countries	CBA - Chiba	Chiba
countries	CBA - Chiba	Suketane
countries	CBA - Chiba	Kanetane
countries	CBA - Chiba	Yasutane
countries	CBA - Chiba	Chikatane
countries	CBA - Chiba	Tanetomi
countries	CBA - Chiba	Yoshitane
countries	CBA - Chiba	Tanenao
countries	CBA - Chiba	Takatane
countries	CBA - Chiba	Katsutane
countries	CBA - Chiba	Masatane
countries	CBA - Chiba	Tanemasa
countries	CCQ - Calchaqui	Calchaqui
countries	CCQ - Calchaqui	Viltipoco
countries	CEB - Cebu	Tupas
countries	CEB - Cebu	Sikatuna
countries	CEB - Cebu	Humabon
countries	CEB - Cebu	Bantug
countries	CEB - Cebu	Chola
countries	CEP - Corfu	Leonardo
countries	CEP - Corfu	Dagout
countries	CEP - Corfu	Carlos II
countries	CEP - Corfu	National Assembly
countries	CEP - Corfu	Carlos I
countries	CEP - Corfu	Leonardo II
countries	CEY - Ceylon	Konnapu Bandara
countries	CEY - Ceylon	Vijayabahu VII
countries	CEY - Ceylon	Narendra
countries	CEY - Ceylon	Sri Vikrama Rajasinha
countries	CEY - Ceylon	Vijayabahu
countries	CEY - Ceylon	Kandy Nayakar
countries	CEY - Ceylon	Vimala Dharmasuriya
countries	CEY - Ceylon	Kitri Sri Rajasimha
countries	CEY - Ceylon	Bhuvanaikabahu VI
countries	CEY - Ceylon	Bhuvanaikabahu
countries	CEY - Ceylon	Kinnapu Bandara
countries	CEY - Ceylon	Savulu
countries	CEY - Ceylon	Sri Vijaya Rajasimha
countries	CEY - Ceylon	Senarut
countries	CEY - Ceylon	Vimala Dharmasuriya I
countries	CEY - Ceylon	Rajasimha
countries	CEY - Ceylon	Dharmapalabahu
countries	CEY - Ceylon	Bhuvanaikabahu VII
countries	CEY - Ceylon	Vimala Dharmasuriya II
countries	CEY - Ceylon	Dharamapalabahu
countries	CEY - Ceylon	Jayabahu
countries	CEY - Ceylon	Jayabahu II
countries	CEY - Ceylon	Sri Rajadhiraja Simha
countries	CEY - Ceylon	Parakramabahu VIII
countries	CEY - Ceylon	Parakramabahu
countries	CEY - Ceylon	Parakramabahu VII
countries	CHA - Champa	Chong Chan
countries	CHA - Champa	Ganvuh
countries	CHA - Champa	Lathun
countries	CHA - Champa	Maha Kui Yu
countries	CHA - Champa	Tithun
countries	CHA - Champa	Jaya Sinhavarman
countries	CHA - Champa	Jaya Sinhavarman V
countries	CHA - Champa	Ko Cheng
countries	CHA - Champa	Maha P'an-lo-yue
countries	CHA - Champa	Maija Vijaya
countries	CHA - Champa	Tithuntirai II
countries	CHA - Champa	Cham
countries	CHA - Champa	Chei Krei Brei
countries	CHA - Champa	Moho Kouei-Lai
countries	CHA - Champa	Thuttirai
countries	CHA - Champa	Tithuntirai
countries	CHA - Champa	P'an-lo T'u-ts'uan
countries	CHA - Champa	Tithuntirai Ii
countries	CHA - Champa	Tathun
countries	CHA - Champa	Tithuntirai I
countries	CHA - Champa	Po
countries	CHA - Champa	Rattirai
countries	CHA - Champa	Saktirai
countries	CHD - Chanda	Babji Ballal
countries	CHD - Chanda	Babji Ballal Sah
countries	CHD - Chanda	Ram Sah
countries	CHD - Chanda	Dhundya Ram
countries	CHD - Chanda	Krasna
countries	CHD - Chanda	Nilkanth
countries	CHD - Chanda	Kondya
countries	CHD - Chanda	Chandi
countries	CHD - Chanda	Dhundya Ram Sah
countries	CHD - Chanda	Bir
countries	CHD - Chanda	Karan Shah
countries	CHD - Chanda	Nilkanth Sah
countries	CHD - Chanda	Bir Sah
countries	CHD - Chanda	Krasna Sah
countries	CHD - Chanda	Hirai
countries	CHD - Chanda	Ram
countries	CHD - Chanda	Bhuma & Lokba
countries	CHE - Cherokee	Kalanu
countries	CHE - Cherokee	Ocanostata
countries	CHE - Cherokee	Moytoy II
countries	CHE - Cherokee	Amatoya Moytoy
countries	CHE - Cherokee	Tistoe
countries	CHE - Cherokee	Attakutlakulla
countries	CHG - Chagatai Khanate	Abdullah
countries	CHG - Chagatai Khanate	Abdul-Latif I
countries	CHG - Chagatai Khanate	Shams-i-Jahan
countries	CHG - Chagatai Khanate	Sultan Mahmud
countries	CHG - Chagatai Khanate	Dost Muhammad
countries	CHG - Chagatai Khanate	Esen Buqa
countries	CHG - Chagatai Khanate	Quraysh
countries	CHG - Chagatai Khanate	Abdul-Rashid II
countries	CHG - Chagatai Khanate	Ilbars
countries	CHG - Chagatai Khanate	Ahmad
countries	CHG - Chagatai Khanate	Naqsh-i-Jahan
countries	CHG - Chagatai Khanate	Uwais
countries	CHG - Chagatai Khanate	Ismail
countries	CHG - Chagatai Khanate	Muhammad Amin
countries	CHG - Chagatai Khanate	Yunus
countries	CHG - Chagatai Khanate	Abdul-Karim
countries	CHG - Chagatai Khanate	Muhammad III
countries	CHG - Chagatai Khanate	Mahmud
countries	CHG - Chagatai Khanate	Chagatayid
countries	CHG - Chagatai Khanate	Muhammad Mumin
countries	CHG - Chagatai Khanate	Abdul-Latif II
countries	CHG - Chagatai Khanate	Sultan Ahmad
countries	CHG - Chagatai Khanate	Mansur
countries	CHG - Chagatai Khanate	Abdul-Rashid I
countries	CHG - Chagatai Khanate	Sher Muhammad
countries	CHG - Chagatai Khanate	Muhammad I
countries	CHH - Chahar	Borjigin
countries	CHH - Chahar	Altan
countries	CHH - Chahar	Buyan Sechen
countries	CHH - Chahar	Darayisung Gödeng
countries	CHH - Chahar	Bodi Alagh
countries	CHH - Chahar	Lingdan Khutaghtu
countries	CHH - Chahar	Ejei
countries	CHH - Chahar	Altan Khan
countries	CHH - Chahar	Tümen Jasaghtu
countries	CHI - Chickasaw	Native Council
countries	CHK - Champassak	Champasak
countries	CHK - Champassak	Ma Noi
countries	CHK - Champassak	Cha Nou
countries	CHK - Champassak	No Muong
countries	CHK - Champassak	Saya Kumane
countries	CHK - Champassak	Fay Na
countries	CHK - Champassak	Rajabud Yo
countries	CHK - Champassak	Xiang Keo
countries	CHK - Champassak	Nan Rat
countries	CHK - Champassak	Nokasat
countries	CHL - Chile	Antonio José de Irisarri
countries	CHL - Chile	Francisco de la Lastra
countries	CHL - Chile	Pedro José Prado
countries	CHL - Chile	Bernardo O'Higgins
countries	CHL - Chile	Martín Calvo Encalada
countries	CHL - Chile	Juan Antonio Ovalle
countries	CHL - Chile	José Santiago Portales
countries	CHL - Chile	Agustín Manuel
countries	CHL - Chile	Fernando Márquez
countries	CHL - Chile	José Miguel Carrera
countries	CHL - Chile	Mateo de Toro
countries	CHL - Chile	José Miguel Infante
countries	CHL - Chile	Juan Martínez de Rozas
countries	CHL - Chile	Francisco Antonio Pérez
countries	CHM - Chimu	Chimu
countries	CHM - Chimu	Minchancaman
countries	CHO - Choctaw	Native Council
countries	CHU - Chukchi	Native Council
countries	CHV - Chavchuveny	Native Council
countries	CHY - Cheyenne	Native Council
countries	CIR - Circassia	Petrezok
countries	CIR - Circassia	(Interregnum)
countries	CJA - Cajamarca	Cajamarcas
countries	CJA - Cajamarca	Anca
countries	CKW - Chokwe	Chinguli
countries	CKW - Chokwe	Mwene
countries	CKW - Chokwe	Chingwanja
countries	CKW - Chokwe	Yambayamba
countries	CKW - Chokwe	Ngonga
countries	CKW - Chokwe	Yamvu
countries	CKW - Chokwe	Katete
countries	CKW - Chokwe	Naama
countries	CKW - Chokwe	Kaamba
countries	CKW - Chokwe	Mukenge
countries	CKW - Chokwe	Kathangila
countries	CKW - Chokwe	Mbaoo
countries	CKW - Chokwe	Chingumbe
countries	CKW - Chokwe	Nkonde
countries	CKW - Chokwe	Lweembe
countries	CLA - Colla	Colla Capac
countries	CLA - Colla	Colla
countries	CLA - Colla	Chuqui Capac
countries	CLA - Colla	Cari
countries	CLM - Colima	Colimotl
countries	CLM - Colima	Colimotl I
countries	CLM - Colima	Mazatl
countries	CLM - Colima	Colliman
countries	CLM - Colima	Colimotl Tzomé
countries	CMP - Rewa Kantha	Prithviraj
countries	CMP - Rewa Kantha	Chauhan
countries	CMP - Rewa Kantha	Hamirsinhji II
countries	CMP - Rewa Kantha	Patai Rawal
countries	CMP - Rewa Kantha	Hamirsinhji
countries	CMP - Rewa Kantha	Bhimsinhji
countries	CMP - Rewa Kantha	Palandev
countries	CMP - Rewa Kantha	Arsisinhji
countries	CND - Candar	Ismâil
countries	CND - Candar	Ibrâhim
countries	CND - Candar	Ibrâhim II
countries	CND - Candar	Candaroglu
countries	CND - Candar	Isfendiyar
countries	CND - Candar	Ahmed
countries	CNK - Chinook	Native Council
countries	CNN - Clanricarde	John mac Richard MÃ³r
countries	CNN - Clanricarde	Ulick
countries	CNN - Clanricarde	William
countries	CNN - Clanricarde	Ulick Ruadh
countries	CNN - Clanricarde	Henry
countries	CNN - Clanricarde	Burke
countries	CNN - Clanricarde	Ulick na gCeann
countries	CNN - Clanricarde	Richard
countries	CNN - Clanricarde	Richard Bacach
countries	CNN - Clanricarde	Ulick Fionn
countries	CNN - Clanricarde	Michael
countries	CNN - Clanricarde	John
countries	CNN - Clanricarde	Richard MÃ³r
countries	CNN - Clanricarde	John Smith
countries	CNN - Clanricarde	Richard Ãge
countries	COC - Cocomes	Cocom
countries	COC - Cocomes	Pech
countries	COC - Cocomes	Nachi
countries	COC - Cocomes	Xiool
countries	COC - Cocomes	Och
countries	COC - Cocomes	Itan Kambul
countries	COL - Colombia	José Miguel Pey de Andrade
countries	COL - Colombia	Custodio García Rovira
countries	COL - Colombia	Simón Bolívar
countries	COL - Colombia	José Fernández Madrid
countries	COL - Colombia	Jorge Tadeo Lozano
countries	COL - Colombia	Antonio Villavicencio
countries	COM - Comanche	Native Council
countries	COR - Corsica	von Neuhoff
countries	COR - Corsica	Clemente Paoli
countries	COR - Corsica	Sampierro Corso
countries	COR - Corsica	Tiadoru I
countries	COR - Corsica	Théodore de Neuhoff
countries	COR - Corsica	Pasquale Paoli
countries	CRA - Charca	Anquimarca
countries	CRA - Charca	Charca
countries	CRA - Charca	Tunupa
countries	CRB - Cirebon	Anom
countries	CRB - Cirebon	Rasmi
countries	CRB - Cirebon	Ki Gedheng Danusela
countries	CRB - Cirebon	Sharif Hidayatullah
countries	CRB - Cirebon	Martawijaya
countries	CRB - Cirebon	Kanoman
countries	CRB - Cirebon	Cakrabuana
countries	CRB - Cirebon	Fatahillah
countries	CRB - Cirebon	Ki Gedeng Tapa
countries	CRB - Cirebon	Pangeran Mas
countries	CRB - Cirebon	Muara Jati
countries	CRE - Creek	Chigelli
countries	CRE - Creek	Brim
countries	CRE - Creek	Chekilli
countries	CRE - Creek	Tomochichi
countries	CRI - Crimea	Mengli I
countries	CRI - Crimea	Mehmed I
countries	CRI - Crimea	Ghazi II
countries	CRI - Crimea	Mehmed IV
countries	CRI - Crimea	Bahadir I
countries	CRI - Crimea	Safa I
countries	CRI - Crimea	Toqtamish I
countries	CRI - Crimea	Qaplan II
countries	CRI - Crimea	Fetih I
countries	CRI - Crimea	Arslan I
countries	CRI - Crimea	Qaplan I
countries	CRI - Crimea	Saadet I
countries	CRI - Crimea	Toqtamish
countries	CRI - Crimea	Ghazi I
countries	CRI - Crimea	Amin
countries	CRI - Crimea	Sahib II
countries	CRI - Crimea	Devlet II
countries	CRI - Crimea	Amin I
countries	CRI - Crimea	Devlet IV
countries	CRI - Crimea	Selamet I
countries	CRI - Crimea	Haji II
countries	CRI - Crimea	Shahin I
countries	CRI - Crimea	Nur Devlet
countries	CRI - Crimea	Ghazi
countries	CRI - Crimea	Islam II
countries	CRI - Crimea	Selim I
countries	CRI - Crimea	Mehmed II
countries	CRI - Crimea	Mehmed
countries	CRI - Crimea	Saadet IV
countries	CRI - Crimea	Bahadir II
countries	CRI - Crimea	Halim I
countries	CRI - Crimea	Giray
countries	CRI - Crimea	Hayder I
countries	CRI - Crimea	Ghazi III
countries	CRI - Crimea	Janibek
countries	CRI - Crimea	Selim III
countries	CRI - Crimea	Mehmed III
countries	CRI - Crimea	Haji I
countries	CRI - Crimea	Adil I
countries	CRI - Crimea	Islam I
countries	CRI - Crimea	Sahib I
countries	CRI - Crimea	Murad I
countries	CRI - Crimea	Selim II
countries	CRI - Crimea	Fetih II
countries	CRI - Crimea	Saadet II
countries	CRI - Crimea	Inayet I
countries	CRI - Crimea	Mengli II
countries	CRI - Crimea	Qirim I
countries	CRI - Crimea	Saadet III
countries	CRI - Crimea	Saadet
countries	CRI - Crimea	Islam III
countries	CRI - Crimea	Devlet III
countries	CRI - Crimea	Selamet II
countries	CRI - Crimea	Janibek I
countries	CRI - Crimea	Nur Devlet I
countries	CRI - Crimea	Devlet I
countries	CRI - Crimea	Maqsud
countries	CRI - Crimea	Dawlat Giray I
countries	CRO - Croatia	Toma Bakac Erdody
countries	CRO - Croatia	Ivan
countries	CRO - Croatia	Nikola Zrinski
countries	CRO - Croatia	Perényi
countries	CRO - Croatia	John
countries	CRO - Croatia	Thuz
countries	CRO - Croatia	Karlovic
countries	CRO - Croatia	Herman II
countries	CRO - Croatia	Podmanicki
countries	CRO - Croatia	László
countries	CRO - Croatia	Damjan
countries	CRO - Croatia	Matija Rukavina
countries	CRO - Croatia	Ernust
countries	CRO - Croatia	Horvat
countries	CRO - Croatia	Zapoljski
countries	CRO - Croatia	Korvin
countries	CRO - Croatia	Blaz Madar
countries	CRO - Croatia	Herceg Ivan
countries	CRO - Croatia	Mirko
countries	CRO - Croatia	Krsto Frankopan
countries	CRO - Croatia	Frankopan
countries	CRO - Croatia	Petar Berislavic
countries	CRO - Croatia	Vuk Krsto Frankopan
countries	CRO - Croatia	Hunyadi
countries	CSH - Shun	Zicheng
countries	CSH - Shun	Li
countries	CSK - Chosokabe	Motochika
countries	CSK - Chosokabe	Kunichika
countries	CSK - Chosokabe	Chosokabe
countries	CSK - Chosokabe	Yoshishige
countries	CSK - Chosokabe	Nobuchika
countries	CSK - Chosokabe	Morichika
countries	CSK - Chosokabe	Motokado
countries	CSK - Chosokabe	Fumikane
countries	CSK - Chosokabe	Kanetsugu
countries	CSK - Chosokabe	Katsuchika
countries	CSU - Cusco	Atoc
countries	CSU - Cusco	Titu Cusi Inca
countries	CSU - Cusco	Sayri Tupac
countries	CSU - Cusco	Titu Cusi
countries	CSU - Cusco	Tupac Amaru
countries	CSU - Cusco	Atahuallpa
countries	CSU - Cusco	Hanan
countries	CSU - Cusco	Huáscar I
countries	CSU - Cusco	Sayri Inca Tupac
countries	CSU - Cusco	Tupac Amaru Inca
countries	CSU - Cusco	Huayna-Capac
countries	CSU - Cusco	Viracocha
countries	CSU - Cusco	Huayana Capac
countries	CSU - Cusco	Huáscar
countries	CSU - Cusco	Manco Yupanqui
countries	CSU - Cusco	Tupac-Yupanqui
countries	CSU - Cusco	Pachacuti
countries	CSU - Cusco	Manco Inca Yupanqui
countries	CSU - Cusco	Tupac Huallpa
countries	CSU - Cusco	Tupac Yupanqui
countries	CUA - Charrua	Native Council
countries	CUA - Charrua	Abayubá
countries	CUA - Charrua	Zapicán
countries	CXI - Xi	Xianzhong
countries	CXI - Xi	Zhang
countries	CYA - Chachapoya	Huachuri
countries	CYA - Chachapoya	Chachapoya
countries	CYP - Cyprus	Jean II
countries	CYP - Cyprus	de Lusignan
countries	CYP - Cyprus	Jean
countries	CYP - Cyprus	Jacques III
countries	CYP - Cyprus	Catarina
countries	CYP - Cyprus	Janus
countries	CYP - Cyprus	Cornero
countries	CYP - Cyprus	Charlotte
countries	CYP - Cyprus	Jacques II
countries	CYP - Cyprus	Jacques
countries	CZH - Zhou	Wu
countries	CZH - Zhou	Shifan
countries	CZH - Zhou	Sangui
countries	DAH - dahomey	Dakodonu
countries	DAH - dahomey	Gezo Gbalangbe Zedoko
countries	DAH - dahomey	Akoli
countries	DAH - dahomey	Kpengla Guansuna
countries	DAH - dahomey	Agbanga
countries	DAH - dahomey	Agagnon
countries	DAH - dahomey	Kopon
countries	DAH - dahomey	Dassu
countries	DAH - dahomey	Agbande
countries	DAH - dahomey	Akonde
countries	DAH - dahomey	Mindji
countries	DAH - dahomey	Yessu
countries	DAH - dahomey	Kin-Ha
countries	DAH - dahomey	Dassa
countries	DAH - dahomey	Amamu
countries	DAH - dahomey	Agonglo Sindozan
countries	DAH - dahomey	Adandozan Madodugu
countries	DAH - dahomey	De Nufion
countries	DAH - dahomey	Agadja Trudo Tossu
countries	DAH - dahomey	Akaba Wibega
countries	DAH - dahomey	Ahosu
countries	DAH - dahomey	Aholuho Adja
countries	DAH - dahomey	Ajahutonon
countries	DAH - dahomey	Wegaja
countries	DAH - dahomey	Ganye Hesu
countries	DAH - dahomey	Azoton
countries	DAH - dahomey	Hueze
countries	DAH - dahomey	Do-Aklin
countries	DAH - dahomey	Tegbessou Avissu
countries	DAH - dahomey	Adjakpa
countries	DAI - Dai Viet	Lê
countries	DAI - Dai Viet	Hue
countries	DAI - Dai Viet	Quang Toan
countries	DAI - Dai Viet	Tran
countries	DAI - Dai Viet	Nguyen Hue
countries	DAI - Dai Viet	Duy Dieu
countries	DAI - Dai Viet	Y
countries	DAI - Dai Viet	An
countries	DAI - Dai Viet	Mau Hop
countries	DAI - Dai Viet	Ngai Vuong
countries	DAI - Dai Viet	Kinh Khoan
countries	DAI - Dai Viet	Nguyen Khoat
countries	DAI - Dai Viet	Dang Doanh
countries	DAI - Dai Viet	Nguyen
countries	DAI - Dai Viet	Xuan
countries	DAI - Dai Viet	Dang Dung
countries	DAI - Dai Viet	Kinh Cung
countries	DAI - Dai Viet	Quy Khoang
countries	DAI - Dai Viet	Duy Tuong
countries	DAI - Dai Viet	Tuan
countries	DAI - Dai Viet	Phuc Hai
countries	DAI - Dai Viet	Nghi Dan
countries	DAI - Dai Viet	Trinh Sam
countries	DAI - Dai Viet	Nguyen Cho
countries	DAI - Dai Viet	Kinh Vu
countries	DAI - Dai Viet	Duy Than
countries	DAI - Dai Viet	Duy Khiem
countries	DAI - Dai Viet	Le
countries	DAI - Dai Viet	Tranh
countries	DAI - Dai Viet	Ho
countries	DAI - Dai Viet	Duy Hop
countries	DAI - Dai Viet	Quy Ly
countries	DAI - Dai Viet	Duy Duong
countries	DAI - Dai Viet	Han Thuong
countries	DAI - Dai Viet	Ngoi
countries	DAI - Dai Viet	Tu Thanh
countries	DAI - Dai Viet	Hong Duc
countries	DAI - Dai Viet	Kinh Chi
countries	DAI - Dai Viet	Duy Phuong
countries	DAI - Dai Viet	Lê Loi
countries	DAI - Dai Viet	Nguyen Long
countries	DAI - Dai Viet	Oanh
countries	DAI - Dai Viet	Mac
countries	DAI - Dai Viet	Thuan
countries	DAI - Dai Viet	Phuc Nguyen
countries	DAI - Dai Viet	Duy Toung
countries	DAI - Dai Viet	Bang Co
countries	DAI - Dai Viet	Loi
countries	DAM - Damot	Damoto
countries	DAM - Damot	Mota V
countries	DAM - Damot	Mota II
countries	DAM - Damot	Mota III
countries	DAM - Damot	Mota VI
countries	DAM - Damot	Mota IV
countries	DAM - Damot	Tenagne
countries	DAM - Damot	Solomonid
countries	DAM - Damot	Mota
countries	DAN - Denmark	Eric VII
countries	DAN - Denmark	von Wettin
countries	DAN - Denmark	Vincens Lunge
countries	DAN - Denmark	Louise
countries	DAN - Denmark	Hans Knudtzon
countries	DAN - Denmark	Caroline Mathilde
countries	DAN - Denmark	Dorothea
countries	DAN - Denmark	von Habsburg
countries	DAN - Denmark	Christian III
countries	DAN - Denmark	Askanier
countries	DAN - Denmark	Peder Skram
countries	DAN - Denmark	Ove Gjedde
countries	DAN - Denmark	Andreas Harboe
countries	DAN - Denmark	Frederik II
countries	DAN - Denmark	Anna Kathrine
countries	DAN - Denmark	Gert Rantzau
countries	DAN - Denmark	Niels Juel
countries	DAN - Denmark	Hans
countries	DAN - Denmark	Jørgen Bjelke
countries	DAN - Denmark	Christian Reventlow
countries	DAN - Denmark	Juliana Maria
countries	DAN - Denmark	Eberstein
countries	DAN - Denmark	Christian II
countries	DAN - Denmark	Christian V
countries	DAN - Denmark	F.C. Kaas
countries	DAN - Denmark	Ulrich Gyldenlöwe
countries	DAN - Denmark	Anne Sophie
countries	DAN - Denmark	Reventlow
countries	DAN - Denmark	Christian Sehested
countries	DAN - Denmark	Søren Norby
countries	DAN - Denmark	Herluf Trolle
countries	DAN - Denmark	Elisabeth
countries	DAN - Denmark	Frederik V
countries	DAN - Denmark	Christina
countries	DAN - Denmark	Munk
countries	DAN - Denmark	Hannibal Sehested
countries	DAN - Denmark	von Oldenburg
countries	DAN - Denmark	Johan Rantzau
countries	DAN - Denmark	von Wittelsbach
countries	DAN - Denmark	Otto Krumpen
countries	DAN - Denmark	Frederik III
countries	DAN - Denmark	von Hohenzollern
countries	DAN - Denmark	Christian Gyldenlöwe
countries	DAN - Denmark	Hans Egedes
countries	DAN - Denmark	Steen Bille
countries	DAN - Denmark	Tønne Huitfeldt
countries	DAN - Denmark	von Hessen
countries	DAN - Denmark	Peter Tordenskiold
countries	DAN - Denmark	Anders Bille
countries	DAN - Denmark	Sophie
countries	DAN - Denmark	Ebbe Ulfeld
countries	DAN - Denmark	Holstein-Plön
countries	DAN - Denmark	Daniel Rantzau
countries	DAN - Denmark	Frederik
countries	DAN - Denmark	Kirsten
countries	DAN - Denmark	Friedrich von Trampe
countries	DAN - Denmark	Poul Løvenørn
countries	DAN - Denmark	Lützow
countries	DAN - Denmark	von Welf
countries	DAN - Denmark	Christian IV
countries	DAN - Denmark	Marie Sophie Frederikke
countries	DAN - Denmark	Christian VIII
countries	DAN - Denmark	Christian
countries	DAN - Denmark	Christian I
countries	DAN - Denmark	Peder Galt
countries	DAN - Denmark	Hans I
countries	DAN - Denmark	Sophie Amalie
countries	DAN - Denmark	Jens Munk
countries	DAN - Denmark	Sophie Magdalene
countries	DAN - Denmark	Frederik VI
countries	DAN - Denmark	von Hannover
countries	DAN - Denmark	Hans Schack
countries	DAN - Denmark	Christian VII
countries	DAN - Denmark	Ivar Krabbe
countries	DAN - Denmark	Gryf
countries	DAN - Denmark	Christopher III
countries	DAN - Denmark	Cort Adelaer
countries	DAN - Denmark	Christian VI
countries	DAN - Denmark	Frederik I
countries	DAN - Denmark	von Mecklenburg
countries	DAN - Denmark	Frederik IV
countries	DAN - Denmark	Frederik Gersdorff
countries	DAN - Denmark	Junker Schlentz
countries	DAR - Darfur	Solong
countries	DAR - Darfur	Sulayman
countries	DAW - Dawasir	Ahmad
countries	DAW - Dawasir	Nasir
countries	DAW - Dawasir	Zahid
countries	DAW - Dawasir	Idris
countries	DAW - Dawasir	Al-Zaid
countries	DAW - Dawasir	Zahid ibn Rubayyi Makharim
countries	DAW - Dawasir	Khalid
countries	DAW - Dawasir	Faisal
countries	DEC - Deccan	Asaf Jah I
countries	DEC - Deccan	Ali Khan
countries	DEC - Deccan	Asaf Jahi
countries	DEC - Deccan	Salabat Jung
countries	DEC - Deccan	Asaf ud-Daula Jang
countries	DEC - Deccan	Sikandar Jah
countries	DEC - Deccan	Muhammad Nasr Jang
countries	DEC - Deccan	Nasir-ud-dawlah
countries	DEC - Deccan	Muzaffar Jang
countries	DGB - dagbon	Ziblim
countries	DGB - dagbon	Nasalan Ziblim
countries	DGB - dagbon	Andani II Jangbariga
countries	DGB - dagbon	Ziblim Kulunku
countries	DGB - dagbon	Naa
countries	DGB - dagbon	Darizegu
countries	DGB - dagbon	Suman Zoli
countries	DGB - dagbon	Andani Sigli
countries	DGB - dagbon	Dimani
countries	DGB - dagbon	Titugri
countries	DGB - dagbon	Luro
countries	DGB - dagbon	Gungobili
countries	DGB - dagbon	Gariba
countries	DGB - dagbon	Zangina
countries	DGB - dagbon	Darigudeera
countries	DGB - dagbon	Zagli
countries	DGB - dagbon	Yanzoe
countries	DGB - dagbon	Bierigudeera
countries	DGB - dagbon	Ningmitooni
countries	DGB - dagbon	Zongma
countries	DGB - dagbon	Yakubu
countries	DGB - dagbon	Zolgu
countries	DGB - dagbon	Zokuli
countries	DGB - dagbon	Binbiegu
countries	DGL - Maldives	'Imad ad-Din II
countries	DGL - Maldives	Hasan
countries	DGL - Maldives	Muhammad V
countries	DGL - Maldives	Muhammad VIII
countries	DGL - Maldives	Abu Bakr
countries	DGL - Maldives	'Ali
countries	DGL - Maldives	Iskandar I
countries	DGL - Maldives	Kamanfa'anu
countries	DGL - Maldives	Isdhoo
countries	DGL - Maldives	Ibrahim III
countries	DGL - Maldives	Hamawi
countries	DGL - Maldives	Ibrahim
countries	DGL - Maldives	Husayn
countries	DGL - Maldives	Shams ad-Din
countries	DGL - Maldives	Huraa
countries	DGL - Maldives	Ibrahim II
countries	DGL - Maldives	Abu Bakr II
countries	DGL - Maldives	Muhammad X
countries	DGL - Maldives	Husayn II
countries	DGL - Maldives	Iskandar II
countries	DGL - Maldives	Hasan VI
countries	DGL - Maldives	Hassan
countries	DGL - Maldives	Ibrahim I
countries	DGL - Maldives	Dhiyamigili
countries	DGL - Maldives	Muhammad
countries	DGL - Maldives	'Imad ad-Din III
countries	DGL - Maldives	Shams ad-Din I
countries	DGL - Maldives	Muhammad IV
countries	DGL - Maldives	Yusuf III
countries	DGL - Maldives	Hilaalee
countries	DGL - Maldives	'Ali V
countries	DGL - Maldives	Hassan II
countries	DGL - Maldives	Ahmad
countries	DGL - Maldives	'Umar
countries	DGL - Maldives	Muhammad VI
countries	DGL - Maldives	Iskandar
countries	DGL - Maldives	Muhi ad-Din
countries	DGL - Maldives	Danna Mohammed
countries	DGL - Maldives	Hilalee
countries	DGL - Maldives	Muzhir ad-Din
countries	DGL - Maldives	Hasan IX
countries	DGL - Maldives	Hasan X
countries	DGL - Maldives	Hasan III
countries	DGL - Maldives	Nasr ud-Din
countries	DGL - Maldives	Hasan IV
countries	DGL - Maldives	Hasan V
countries	DGL - Maldives	Muhammad IX
countries	DGL - Maldives	'Imad ad-Din
countries	DGL - Maldives	'Ali VI
countries	DGL - Maldives	'Ali IV
countries	DGL - Maldives	Hasan VII
countries	DGL - Maldives	Hussan I
countries	DGL - Maldives	'Izz ad-Din
countries	DGL - Maldives	Mu'izz ad-Din
countries	DGL - Maldives	Muin ad-Din Iskander
countries	DGL - Maldives	Muhammad VII
countries	DGL - Maldives	Utheemu
countries	DGL - Maldives	'Imad ad-Din I
countries	DHU - Dhundhar	Akshaya Devi
countries	DHU - Dhundhar	Jai Singh I
countries	DHU - Dhundhar	Chandra Kunwar
countries	DHU - Dhundhar	Sisodiya
countries	DHU - Dhundhar	Chandra Sena
countries	DHU - Dhundhar	Madho Singh I
countries	DHU - Dhundhar	Pritvi Singh II
countries	DHU - Dhundhar	Kachhawa
countries	DHU - Dhundhar	Jai Singh
countries	DHU - Dhundhar	Jagat Singh
countries	DHU - Dhundhar	Prithvi Singh
countries	DHU - Dhundhar	Shri Bhao Singh
countries	DHU - Dhundhar	Ramsingh
countries	DHU - Dhundhar	Jai Singh II
countries	DHU - Dhundhar	Bhimasimha
countries	DHU - Dhundhar	Uddharana
countries	DHU - Dhundhar	Jagat Singh II
countries	DHU - Dhundhar	Bharmal
countries	DHU - Dhundhar	Bhagwant Das
countries	DHU - Dhundhar	Jai Singh III
countries	DHU - Dhundhar	Narasimha
countries	DHU - Dhundhar	Banabira
countries	DHU - Dhundhar	Bishan Singh
countries	DHU - Dhundhar	Pratap Singh
countries	DHU - Dhundhar	Prithvi
countries	DHU - Dhundhar	Madho Singh
countries	DHU - Dhundhar	Ratnasimha
countries	DHU - Dhundhar	Isri Singh
countries	DHU - Dhundhar	Man Singh
countries	DHU - Dhundhar	Bhuyavamsha
countries	DHU - Dhundhar	Bala Bai
countries	DHU - Dhundhar	Aaskaran
countries	DHU - Dhundhar	Pratvi Singh
countries	DHU - Dhundhar	Puran mal
countries	DHU - Dhundhar	Rathore
countries	DHU - Dhundhar	Ramsingh I
countries	DHU - Dhundhar	Man Singh I
countries	DLH - Delhi	Mohammed Shah IV
countries	DLH - Delhi	Nizam Khan
countries	DLH - Delhi	Aladdin Alam
countries	DLH - Delhi	Sikandar Shâh
countries	DLH - Delhi	Rewari
countries	DLH - Delhi	Suri
countries	DLH - Delhi	Bahlûl
countries	DLH - Delhi	Bahlûl Ludi
countries	DLH - Delhi	Ibrâhîm Shâh
countries	DLH - Delhi	Hemu
countries	DLH - Delhi	Lodi
countries	DLH - Delhi	Aladdin Alam Shah
countries	DLH - Delhi	Sayyid
countries	DMK - Demak	Sunan Prawata
countries	DMK - Demak	Arya Penangsang
countries	DMK - Demak	Trenggana
countries	DMK - Demak	Pati Unus
countries	DMK - Demak	Demak
countries	DMK - Demak	Raden Patah
countries	DMK - Demak	Pajang
countries	DMS - Desmond	FitzGerald
countries	DMS - Desmond	James
countries	DMS - Desmond	Thomas
countries	DMS - Desmond	Maurice
countries	DNZ - Danzig	Franz Joseph I
countries	DTE - Date	Ujimune
countries	DTE - Date	Nariyoshi
countries	DTE - Date	Mochimune
countries	DTE - Date	Shigemura
countries	DTE - Date	Tsunamura
countries	DTE - Date	Chikamune
countries	DTE - Date	Narimura
countries	DTE - Date	Yoshikuni
countries	DTE - Date	Hisamune
countries	DTE - Date	Tsunamune
countries	DTE - Date	Yukitomo
countries	DTE - Date	Muneto
countries	DTE - Date	Munemura
countries	DTE - Date	Narimune
countries	DTE - Date	Terumune
countries	DTE - Date	Tadamune
countries	DTE - Date	Yoshimura
countries	DTE - Date	Narikuni
countries	DTE - Date	Masamune
countries	DTE - Date	Harumune
countries	DTE - Date	Tanemune
countries	DTE - Date	Date
countries	DTT - Ditmarschen	Achtundvierziger
countries	DTT - Ditmarschen	Wulf Isebrand
countries	DTT - Ditmarschen	Henning Swyn
countries	DUL - Dulkadir	Sahsuvar
countries	DUL - Dulkadir	Alaüddevle Bozkurt
countries	DUL - Dulkadir	Sâh Budak
countries	DUL - Dulkadir	Sahsuvaroglu Ali
countries	DUL - Dulkadir	Melik
countries	DUL - Dulkadir	Melik Arslan
countries	DUL - Dulkadir	Budak
countries	DUL - Dulkadir	Mehmed
countries	DUL - Dulkadir	Sülaymân
countries	DUL - Dulkadir	Sah Budak
countries	DUL - Dulkadir	Alaüddevle
countries	DUL - Dulkadir	Ali
countries	DUL - Dulkadir	Dulkadiroglu
countries	EFR - East Frisia	Enno III
countries	EFR - East Frisia	Ocko II
countries	EFR - East Frisia	Rudolf Christian
countries	EFR - East Frisia	Focko Ukena
countries	EFR - East Frisia	Christian Everhard
countries	EFR - East Frisia	Keno II
countries	EFR - East Frisia	Charles Edzard
countries	EFR - East Frisia	Enno
countries	EFR - East Frisia	Cirksena
countries	EFR - East Frisia	Ulrich
countries	EFR - East Frisia	Enno Edzardisna
countries	EFR - East Frisia	George Albert
countries	EFR - East Frisia	tom Brok
countries	EFR - East Frisia	George Christian
countries	EFR - East Frisia	Enno Louis
countries	EFR - East Frisia	Edzard II
countries	EFR - East Frisia	Ocko
countries	EFR - East Frisia	Ulrich I
countries	EFR - East Frisia	Focko
countries	EFR - East Frisia	Edzard
countries	EFR - East Frisia	Enno II
countries	EFR - East Frisia	Ocko I
countries	EFR - East Frisia	Edzard I
countries	EFR - East Frisia	Ukena
countries	EFR - East Frisia	Ulrich II
countries	ENA - Eneara	Tecocci
countries	ENA - Eneara	Gumico
countries	ENA - Eneara	Sisafocci
countries	ENA - Eneara	Badanco
countries	ENA - Eneara	Hinnare
countries	ENA - Eneara	LaAsohni
countries	ENA - Eneara	Benero
countries	ENA - Eneara	Emana Krestos
countries	ENA - Eneara	Gawo Serocci
countries	ENA - Eneara	Kaba Siyon
countries	ENA - Eneara	Gah Necocci
countries	ENA - Eneara	Sysgayo
countries	ENG - England	Walter Raleigh
countries	ENG - England	Henry
countries	ENG - England	van Oranje
countries	ENG - England	Henry VII
countries	ENG - England	Lancaster
countries	ENG - England	James III
countries	ENG - England	Richard Plantagenet
countries	ENG - England	Oliver Cromwell
countries	ENG - England	William Baffin
countries	ENG - England	Henrietta Maria
countries	ENG - England	Robert Devereux
countries	ENG - England	John Clifford
countries	ENG - England	Convention Parliament
countries	ENG - England	Pierre-Esprit Radisson
countries	ENG - England	Robert Blake
countries	ENG - England	d'Anjou
countries	ENG - England	Hugh Willoughby
countries	ENG - England	Catherine
countries	ENG - England	Grey
countries	ENG - England	Tudor
countries	ENG - England	George Ayscue
countries	ENG - England	Parr
countries	ENG - England	Mary I
countries	ENG - England	York
countries	ENG - England	James
countries	ENG - England	Mary II
countries	ENG - England	Charles I
countries	ENG - England	John Benbow
countries	ENG - England	Charles II
countries	ENG - England	de Bourbon
countries	ENG - England	Charles
countries	ENG - England	Sebastian Cabot
countries	ENG - England	Charles Brandon
countries	ENG - England	Thomas Fairfax
countries	ENG - England	de BraganÃ§a
countries	ENG - England	Thomas Button
countries	ENG - England	Mary
countries	ENG - England	Richard Neville
countries	ENG - England	Sophia I
countries	ENG - England	Arthur Herbert
countries	ENG - England	Henry VIII
countries	ENG - England	Henry IX
countries	ENG - England	Anne I
countries	ENG - England	George
countries	ENG - England	Elizabeth
countries	ENG - England	John Cabot
countries	ENG - England	Guildford
countries	ENG - England	Arthur
countries	ENG - England	Henry Hudson
countries	ENG - England	Edward VI
countries	ENG - England	James II
countries	ENG - England	William Hastings
countries	ENG - England	de TrastÃ¡mara
countries	ENG - England	John Davis
countries	ENG - England	William III
countries	ENG - England	John Mowbray
countries	ENG - England	William Fitzwilliam
countries	ENG - England	von Oldenburg
countries	ENG - England	von Wittelsbach
countries	ENG - England	William Cavendish
countries	ENG - England	Sophia
countries	ENG - England	Edward Howard
countries	ENG - England	Jane I
countries	ENG - England	James Stuart
countries	ENG - England	George I
countries	ENG - England	Henry Frederick
countries	ENG - England	Woodville
countries	ENG - England	Boleyn
countries	ENG - England	Stuart
countries	ENG - England	Arthur I
countries	ENG - England	James FitzJames
countries	ENG - England	Dudd Dudley
countries	ENG - England	Catherine I
countries	ENG - England	d'Este
countries	ENG - England	George Monck
countries	ENG - England	George Villiers
countries	ENG - England	James I
countries	ENG - England	Francis Drake
countries	ENG - England	Elizabeth I
countries	ENG - England	Anne
countries	ENG - England	Seymour
countries	ENG - England	John Alden
countries	ENG - England	Thomas Howard
countries	ENG - England	Jasper Tudor
countries	ENG - England	Elisabeth
countries	ENG - England	Cromwell
countries	ENG - England	Edward V
countries	ENG - England	Richard
countries	ENG - England	Howard
countries	ENG - England	Richard Chancellor
countries	ENG - England	Edmund Beaufort
countries	ENG - England	Martin Frobisher
countries	ENG - England	Jane
countries	ENG - England	Edward Clinton
countries	ENG - England	Dudley
countries	ENG - England	Thomas Mathews
countries	ENG - England	Oliver
countries	ENG - England	Margaret
countries	ENG - England	Neville
countries	ENG - England	Richard III
countries	ENG - England	John Smith
countries	ENG - England	John Churchill
countries	ENG - England	George Rooke
countries	ENG - England	von der Mark
countries	ENG - England	von Hannover
countries	ENG - England	Prince Rupert
countries	ENG - England	Edward
countries	ENG - England	Charles Howard
countries	ENG - England	Edward IV
countries	ENG - England	Henry VI
countries	ENG - England	George Louis
countries	EPI - Despotate of Epirus	Carlo II
countries	EPI - Despotate of Epirus	Carlo I
countries	EPI - Despotate of Epirus	Giorgio I
countries	EPI - Despotate of Epirus	Esau I
countries	EPI - Despotate of Epirus	Tocco
countries	EPI - Despotate of Epirus	de Buondelmonti
countries	ETH - Ethiopia	Tewodros
countries	ETH - Ethiopia	Zar'a Quastantînôs
countries	ETH - Ethiopia	Zar'a Quastantînôs III
countries	ETH - Ethiopia	'Amda Seyôn
countries	ETH - Ethiopia	Iyâsû III
countries	ETH - Ethiopia	Tuqla Gîyôrgîs
countries	ETH - Ethiopia	Gîyôrgîs I Yohannes
countries	ETH - Ethiopia	Dâwît III
countries	ETH - Ethiopia	Mînâs
countries	ETH - Ethiopia	Egwale Seyon Hezqeyas
countries	ETH - Ethiopia	Fâsîladas
countries	ETH - Ethiopia	Andreyas
countries	ETH - Ethiopia	Zara Yakob
countries	ETH - Ethiopia	'Iyâ'ôs
countries	ETH - Ethiopia	Gîyôrgîs Yohannes
countries	ETH - Ethiopia	Tewodros I
countries	ETH - Ethiopia	Amda Iyasus
countries	ETH - Ethiopia	Taqla Hâymânôt
countries	ETH - Ethiopia	Yonas Letezum
countries	ETH - Ethiopia	Iyâsû II
countries	ETH - Ethiopia	Dâwît
countries	ETH - Ethiopia	Quastantînôs IV
countries	ETH - Ethiopia	'Amda Seyôn II
countries	ETH - Ethiopia	Yôhannes I
countries	ETH - Ethiopia	Iyâsû
countries	ETH - Ethiopia	Nâ'ôd I
countries	ETH - Ethiopia	Dawit I
countries	ETH - Ethiopia	Takla Maryam
countries	ETH - Ethiopia	Ba'eda Mâryâm
countries	ETH - Ethiopia	Lebna Dengel Dâwît II
countries	ETH - Ethiopia	Iyâsû I
countries	ETH - Ethiopia	Sarsa Dengel
countries	ETH - Ethiopia	Quastantînôs
countries	ETH - Ethiopia	Mariam Salomon
countries	ETH - Ethiopia	Yeshaq
countries	ETH - Ethiopia	'Amsa Gîyôrgîs
countries	ETH - Ethiopia	Nâ'ôd
countries	ETH - Ethiopia	Solomonid
countries	ETH - Ethiopia	Salomon III
countries	ETH - Ethiopia	Tuqla Hâymânôt II
countries	ETH - Ethiopia	Demetros Arqedewos
countries	ETH - Ethiopia	Têwôflôs
countries	ETH - Ethiopia	Salômôn
countries	ETH - Ethiopia	Yôhannes
countries	ETH - Ethiopia	Tuqla Hâymânôt
countries	ETH - Ethiopia	Lebna Dengel Dâwît
countries	ETH - Ethiopia	Galâwdêwôs
countries	ETH - Ethiopia	Sûsenyôs
countries	ETH - Ethiopia	Yeshaq I
countries	ETH - Ethiopia	Yâ'qob
countries	ETH - Ethiopia	Tuqla Hâymânôt III
countries	ETH - Ethiopia	Iyoas II Hezqeyas
countries	ETH - Ethiopia	Yôstôs
countries	ETH - Ethiopia	Mariam III Salomon
countries	ETH - Ethiopia	Salomon
countries	ETH - Ethiopia	Ba'eda Mâryâm II
countries	ETH - Ethiopia	Taqla Hâymânôt I
countries	ETH - Ethiopia	Yôhannes II
countries	ETH - Ethiopia	Hezqeyâs
countries	ETR - Etruria	Lodovico I
countries	ETR - Etruria	Lodovico II
countries	ETR - Etruria	Bourbon
countries	ETR - Etruria	Lodovico
countries	FAD - Fadl	Mudlij
countries	FAD - Fadl	Al Abu Risha
countries	FAD - Fadl	Sayf
countries	FAD - Fadl	Ibn Sayf
countries	FAD - Fadl	Qirqmas
countries	FEO - Theodoro	Manuel Olubei
countries	FEO - Theodoro	Alexander
countries	FEO - Theodoro	Isaac
countries	FEO - Theodoro	of Gothia
countries	FEO - Theodoro	Manuel
countries	FEO - Theodoro	Alexis
countries	FER - Ferrara	Niccolò III
countries	FER - Ferrara	Leonello I
countries	FER - Ferrara	Ercole I
countries	FER - Ferrara	Alfonso I
countries	FER - Ferrara	Alfonso II
countries	FER - Ferrara	Ercole
countries	FER - Ferrara	Leonello
countries	FER - Ferrara	Alfonso
countries	FER - Ferrara	d'Este
countries	FER - Ferrara	Ercole II
countries	FER - Ferrara	Borso I
countries	FER - Ferrara	Borso
countries	FEZ - Fez	Ahmad
countries	FEZ - Fez	Muhammad I
countries	FEZ - Fez	Mohammed al-Hajj
countries	FEZ - Fez	Muhammad II
countries	FEZ - Fez	al-Dila'i
countries	FEZ - Fez	Ali Abu Hassun
countries	FEZ - Fez	Nasir ad-Din al-Qasri
countries	FEZ - Fez	Wattassid
countries	FEZ - Fez	Marinid
countries	FLY - Faly	Conn
countries	FLY - Faly	Brian
countries	FLY - Faly	Cathaoir
countries	FLY - Faly	An Calbhach
countries	FLY - Faly	Ua Conchobhair Failghe
countries	FOI - Foix	Gaston IV
countries	FOI - Foix	de Foix
countries	FOI - Foix	François Phébus
countries	FOI - Foix	Isabelle
countries	FOI - Foix	Jean
countries	FOI - Foix	Jean I
countries	FOI - Foix	Gaston
countries	FOI - Foix	François I Phébus
countries	FOX - Fox	Native Council
countries	FRA - France	Maurice de Saxe
countries	FRA - France	La Convention nationale
countries	FRA - France	von Habsburg
countries	FRA - France	Charles de Ternay
countries	FRA - France	Pierre-Benoît Dumas
countries	FRA - France	Gaspard de Coligny
countries	FRA - France	Louis II de Condé
countries	FRA - France	Louis XVI
countries	FRA - France	Charles d'Albret
countries	FRA - France	Pierre de Suffren
countries	FRA - France	François-Joseph Lefebvre
countries	FRA - France	Nicolas de Villegagnon
countries	FRA - France	Maria
countries	FRA - France	Louis XIII
countries	FRA - France	Maria Antonia
countries	FRA - France	Jean Lannes
countries	FRA - France	de Lorraine
countries	FRA - France	Louis Nicolas Davout
countries	FRA - France	Jean Bureau
countries	FRA - France	Marie
countries	FRA - France	María Teresa
countries	FRA - France	Jean-François de La Pérouse
countries	FRA - France	Gilles de Rais
countries	FRA - France	Yves de Kerguelen
countries	FRA - France	Étienne Macdonald
countries	FRA - France	François II
countries	FRA - France	François de Guise
countries	FRA - France	François de Bonne
countries	FRA - France	Jean de Gabaret
countries	FRA - France	Louis XV
countries	FRA - France	Charles de Bussy-Castelnau
countries	FRA - France	François-Louis de Châteaurenault
countries	FRA - France	René-Robert de La Salle
countries	FRA - France	d'Anjou
countries	FRA - France	Étienne de Bourgmont
countries	FRA - France	Jean-de-Dieu Soult
countries	FRA - France	de Valois
countries	FRA - France	Napoléon Bonaparte
countries	FRA - France	Étienne de Vignolles
countries	FRA - France	Alain de Coëtlogon
countries	FRA - France	Louis de Bougainville
countries	FRA - France	Auguste-Frédéric-Louis Viesse de Marmont
countries	FRA - France	Henri de Turenne
countries	FRA - France	de Beauharnais
countries	FRA - France	Jean Nicollet
countries	FRA - France	Louise
countries	FRA - France	Odet de Foix
countries	FRA - France	Henri IV
countries	FRA - France	Jean-Baptiste Bernadotte
countries	FRA - France	Pedro Navarro
countries	FRA - France	Claude d'Annebault
countries	FRA - France	Francois de Grasse
countries	FRA - France	de Bourbon
countries	FRA - France	Louis XII
countries	FRA - France	Laurent de Gouvion-Saint-Cyr
countries	FRA - France	Louis-Gabriel Suchet
countries	FRA - France	Louis XVIII
countries	FRA - France	Ferdinand de Marsin
countries	FRA - France	L. F. de Bourbon
countries	FRA - France	Charles VI
countries	FRA - France	Abraham Duquesne
countries	FRA - France	Charles
countries	FRA - France	Antoine d'Entrecasteaux
countries	FRA - France	Médard des Groseilliers
countries	FRA - France	Louis XIV
countries	FRA - France	Louis-Victor de Vivonne
countries	FRA - France	Victor-François de Broglie
countries	FRA - France	Charles X
countries	FRA - France	Claude
countries	FRA - France	Henri III
countries	FRA - France	Henri
countries	FRA - France	Mary
countries	FRA - France	Ana
countries	FRA - France	Michel Ney
countries	FRA - France	Emmanuel d'Aiguillon
countries	FRA - France	Jean de Dunois
countries	FRA - France	Édouard Mortier
countries	FRA - France	Joachim Murat
countries	FRA - France	Eleonore
countries	FRA - France	Henri de Sourdis
countries	FRA - France	Françoise
countries	FRA - France	de Maintenon
countries	FRA - France	Leszczynski
countries	FRA - France	Claude de Guise
countries	FRA - France	Paul Fleuriot de Langle
countries	FRA - France	Gaston de Foix
countries	FRA - France	di Savoia
countries	FRA - France	Marguerite
countries	FRA - France	Claude de Villars
countries	FRA - France	Jacques de La Palice
countries	FRA - France	Bernard de Saxe-Weimar
countries	FRA - France	F. de Luxembourg
countries	FRA - France	Charles VIII
countries	FRA - France	Jeanne d'Arc
countries	FRA - France	Carlotta
countries	FRA - France	Augustin de Beaulieu
countries	FRA - France	Jean-François Hertel
countries	FRA - France	Samuel de Champlain
countries	FRA - France	Luc de Guichen
countries	FRA - France	Henri de Guise
countries	FRA - France	Nicolas de Catinat
countries	FRA - France	Napoléon I
countries	FRA - France	Louis d'Armagnac
countries	FRA - France	François de La Feuillade
countries	FRA - France	Pierre Charles Silvestre de Villeneuve
countries	FRA - France	Joséphine
countries	FRA - France	Anne de Montmorency
countries	FRA - France	Louis-Joseph de Montcalm
countries	FRA - France	Louis-Alexandre de Bourbon
countries	FRA - France	Jean-Baptiste de Rochambeau
countries	FRA - France	Thomas-Claude d'Amblimont
countries	FRA - France	Stuart
countries	FRA - France	Louis de Frontenac
countries	FRA - France	Pierre Gaultier de la Vérendrye
countries	FRA - France	Thomas de Lally-Tollendal
countries	FRA - France	Napoléon
countries	FRA - France	Jean-Baptiste Bessières
countries	FRA - France	Jacques Cartier
countries	FRA - France	Le Directoire
countries	FRA - France	Anne de Tourville
countries	FRA - France	Ferdinand de Relingue
countries	FRA - France	Henri d'Harcourt
countries	FRA - France	Claude-Victor Perrin
countries	FRA - France	Napoléon II
countries	FRA - France	Charles IX
countries	FRA - France	Chevalier Paul
countries	FRA - France	Bonaparte
countries	FRA - France	René Duguay-Trouin
countries	FRA - France	Maria Ludovica
countries	FRA - France	Jean Le Meingre
countries	FRA - France	Anne
countries	FRA - France	Prégent de Bidoux
countries	FRA - France	Pierre Terrail de Bayard
countries	FRA - France	Jean-Baptiste de Valbelle
countries	FRA - France	Elisabeth
countries	FRA - France	François de Vendôme
countries	FRA - France	Charles VII
countries	FRA - France	Louis XVII
countries	FRA - France	François I
countries	FRA - France	Louis de Condé
countries	FRA - France	Marc-Joseph Marion-Dufresne
countries	FRA - France	Jeanne
countries	FRA - France	Caterina
countries	FRA - France	Louis XI
countries	FRA - France	François
countries	FRA - France	Henri II
countries	FRA - France	de Dreux
countries	FRA - France	Jean Armand de Maillé
countries	FRA - France	Philippe Chabot
countries	FRA - France	de' Medici
countries	FRA - France	Jean de Rouville
countries	FRA - France	Jean-Armand Dieskau
countries	FRA - France	Louis
countries	FRA - France	Jean de Verazzane
countries	FRA - France	Jean Ribaut
countries	FRA - France	Louis Jolliet
countries	FRA - France	Louis de la Trémoille
countries	FRI - Friesland	Greate Pier
countries	FRI - Friesland	Fryske frijheid
countries	FRN - Frankfurt	von Dalberg
countries	FRN - Frankfurt	Karl Theodor Anton Maria
countries	FRN - Frankfurt	Stadtrat
countries	FRS - Fars	(Mu'izz al-Din Malik)
countries	FRS - Fars	Timurid
countries	FRS - Fars	Simnani
countries	FRS - Fars	Abdallah bin Ibrahim
countries	FUL - Fulo	Samba Sire Samba Lamu
countries	FUL - Fulo	Samba Bohi Konko
countries	FUL - Fulo	Njai Garm
countries	FUL - Fulo	Mamadu Mamudu An
countries	FUL - Fulo	Abdul Kader Kan
countries	FUL - Fulo	Samba Lamu
countries	FUL - Fulo	Gelaajo Bambi
countries	FUL - Fulo	Sire Amadu Ly
countries	FUL - Fulo	Denianke
countries	FUL - Fulo	Bubu Musa
countries	FUL - Fulo	Bokar Lamin Bal
countries	FUL - Fulo	Koli Tengella II
countries	FUL - Fulo	Samba Gelaajo Jeegi
countries	FUL - Fulo	Gelaajo Tabara
countries	FUL - Fulo	Biran Ibra Wan
countries	FUL - Fulo	Gelaajo Gaisiri
countries	FUL - Fulo	Bokar Tabakali
countries	FUL - Fulo	Yusuf Ly
countries	FUL - Fulo	Ali Ibra Wan
countries	FUL - Fulo	Bubu Gaisiri
countries	FUL - Fulo	Sule Bubu
countries	FUL - Fulo	Koli Tengella
countries	FUL - Fulo	Biran
countries	FUL - Fulo	Gata Kumba
countries	FUL - Fulo	Sule Njai
countries	FUL - Fulo	Torodbe
countries	FUL - Fulo	Samba Dundu
countries	FUL - Fulo	Makhan Uru
countries	FUL - Fulo	Sire Tabakali
countries	FUL - Fulo	Yusuf
countries	FUL - Fulo	Bubakar Sire Samba Lamu
countries	FUL - Fulo	Samba Bohi
countries	FUL - Fulo	Laba Tengella
countries	FUL - Fulo	Bakari Sule
countries	FUL - Fulo	Jaje Ule
countries	FUL - Fulo	Hamat Lamin Bal
countries	FUL - Fulo	Yero Jam Koli
countries	FUL - Fulo	Konko Bubu Musa
countries	FUL - Fulo	Moktar Kudeji Talla
countries	FUL - Fulo	Jaje Garm
countries	FUL - Fulo	Gelaajo Jeegi
countries	FZA - Fezzan	Muhammad V
countries	FZA - Fezzan	Tahir
countries	FZA - Fezzan	Muhammad II al-Nasir
countries	FZA - Fezzan	Ahmad I
countries	FZA - Fezzan	Banu Sulaym
countries	FZA - Fezzan	Abdûlazzâ II
countries	FZA - Fezzan	Al-Mansur
countries	FZA - Fezzan	Muhammad
countries	FZA - Fezzan	Tahir II
countries	FZA - Fezzan	Muhammad IV
countries	FZA - Fezzan	Ahmad
countries	FZA - Fezzan	Muhammad VI
countries	FZA - Fezzan	Nagib
countries	FZA - Fezzan	Ahmad II
countries	FZA - Fezzan	Yusuf al-Mukkani
countries	FZA - Fezzan	Abdûlazzâ III
countries	FZA - Fezzan	Muhammad III
countries	FZA - Fezzan	Abdûlazzâ
countries	FZA - Fezzan	Banu Muhammad
countries	FZA - Fezzan	Muhammad ibn al-Mustansir
countries	FZA - Fezzan	Muhammad I
countries	FZA - Fezzan	Al-Nasir
countries	GAZ - Gazikumukh	Umal-Muhammad
countries	GAZ - Gazikumukh	Andia
countries	GAZ - Gazikumukh	Shamkhal
countries	GAZ - Gazikumukh	Kumukh
countries	GAZ - Gazikumukh	Alibek
countries	GAZ - Gazikumukh	Chopan
countries	GAZ - Gazikumukh	Surkhay III
countries	GAZ - Gazikumukh	Murtazali
countries	GAZ - Gazikumukh	Surkhay IV
countries	GAZ - Gazikumukh	Eldar
countries	GAZ - Gazikumukh	Alibek I
countries	GAZ - Gazikumukh	Aidermir
countries	GAZ - Gazikumukh	Budai
countries	GAZ - Gazikumukh	Muhammad
countries	GAZ - Gazikumukh	Surkhay II
countries	GAZ - Gazikumukh	Surkhay I
countries	GAZ - Gazikumukh	Alibek II
countries	GBR - Great Britain	Frederick I
countries	GBR - Great Britain	Frederick Louis
countries	GBR - Great Britain	George Anson
countries	GBR - Great Britain	Thomas Cochrane
countries	GBR - Great Britain	George Vancouver
countries	GBR - Great Britain	Cuthbert Collingwood
countries	GBR - Great Britain	Frederick Augustus
countries	GBR - Great Britain	Sidney Smith
countries	GBR - Great Britain	Augustus Keppel
countries	GBR - Great Britain	von Oldenburg
countries	GBR - Great Britain	Duke of Wellington
countries	GBR - Great Britain	James Wolfe
countries	GBR - Great Britain	von Wittelsbach
countries	GBR - Great Britain	George William
countries	GBR - Great Britain	Sophia
countries	GBR - Great Britain	Robert Clive
countries	GBR - Great Britain	von Hohenzollern
countries	GBR - Great Britain	George Augustus
countries	GBR - Great Britain	Charlotte I
countries	GBR - Great Britain	George II
countries	GBR - Great Britain	George I
countries	GBR - Great Britain	Caroline
countries	GBR - Great Britain	George Washington
countries	GBR - Great Britain	Sophia I
countries	GBR - Great Britain	James Carleton
countries	GBR - Great Britain	Stuart
countries	GBR - Great Britain	Charlotte
countries	GBR - Great Britain	Edward Boscawen
countries	GBR - Great Britain	Banastre Tarleton
countries	GBR - Great Britain	Horatio Nelson
countries	GBR - Great Britain	George IV
countries	GBR - Great Britain	James Cook
countries	GBR - Great Britain	von Hannover
countries	GBR - Great Britain	Anne I
countries	GBR - Great Britain	George
countries	GBR - Great Britain	James MacDonald
countries	GBR - Great Britain	George III
countries	GBR - Great Britain	von Mecklenburg
countries	GBR - Great Britain	Edward Braddock
countries	GBR - Great Britain	George Louis
countries	GDW - Gondwana	Daipat Simha
countries	GDW - Gondwana	Jatba
countries	GDW - Gondwana	Chand Sultan
countries	GDW - Gondwana	Sangrama Simha
countries	GDW - Gondwana	Deogadhi
countries	GDW - Gondwana	Wali
countries	GDW - Gondwana	Chandra Sahi
countries	GDW - Gondwana	Madhukara Sahi
countries	GDW - Gondwana	 Madhukara Sahi
countries	GDW - Gondwana	Garha-Mandli
countries	GDW - Gondwana	Vir Narayana
countries	GDW - Gondwana	Durgavati
countries	GDW - Gondwana	Chand
countries	GDW - Gondwana	Wali Shah
countries	GDW - Gondwana	Hirde
countries	GDW - Gondwana	Chhatra Sahi
countries	GDW - Gondwana	Bakht Buland
countries	GEL - Gelre	Willem
countries	GEL - Gelre	Adolf
countries	GEL - Gelre	Reinoud IV
countries	GEL - Gelre	Karel II
countries	GEL - Gelre	von der Mark
countries	GEL - Gelre	Maarten van Rossum
countries	GEL - Gelre	van Jülich-Hengebach
countries	GEL - Gelre	Reinoud
countries	GEL - Gelre	Arnold I
countries	GEL - Gelre	Adolf I
countries	GEL - Gelre	de Bourgogne
countries	GEL - Gelre	Willem III de Rijke
countries	GEL - Gelre	van Egmond
countries	GEL - Gelre	Maria I
countries	GEN - Genoa	Francesco Balbi
countries	GEN - Genoa	Pietro Durazzo
countries	GEN - Genoa	Gian Grimaldi
countries	GEN - Genoa	Alerame Pallavicini
countries	GEN - Genoa	Simone Spinola
countries	GEN - Genoa	Nicolo Cattaneo
countries	GEN - Genoa	Oberto Della Torre
countries	GEN - Genoa	Giuseppe Lomellini
countries	GEN - Genoa	Antonio Grimaldi
countries	GEN - Genoa	Andrea Giustiniani
countries	GEN - Genoa	Marcello Durazzo
countries	GEN - Genoa	Giovanni Chiavari
countries	GEN - Genoa	Girolamo Durazzo
countries	GEN - Genoa	Lazzaro Grimaldi
countries	GEN - Genoa	Gerolamo Veneroso
countries	GEN - Genoa	Battista de Campofregoso
countries	GEN - Genoa	Matteo Senarega
countries	GEN - Genoa	Andrea Centurione
countries	GEN - Genoa	Giovanni Fornari
countries	GEN - Genoa	Doemico Negrone
countries	GEN - Genoa	Nicolo Spinola
countries	GEN - Genoa	Marco Gentile
countries	GEN - Genoa	Stefano Ferreti
countries	GEN - Genoa	Ottariano di Campofregosi
countries	GEN - Genoa	Cesaro Gentile
countries	GEN - Genoa	Gerolamo de Franchi
countries	GEN - Genoa	Gerlamo Vivaldi
countries	GEN - Genoa	Benedetto Viale
countries	GEN - Genoa	Leonardo Catteneo
countries	GEN - Genoa	Giorgio Adorno
countries	GEN - Genoa	Giacomo de Franchi
countries	GEN - Genoa	Pier Franco Grimaldi
countries	GEN - Genoa	Gian Frugoni
countries	GEN - Genoa	Battista Lomellino
countries	GEN - Genoa	Giovanni Giustiniani
countries	GEN - Genoa	Oberto Cattaneo
countries	GEN - Genoa	Tomaso Spinola
countries	GEN - Genoa	Cesare de Franchi
countries	GEN - Genoa	Raffaele de Ferrari
countries	GEN - Genoa	Allesandro Grimaldi
countries	GEN - Genoa	Philippe de Ravenstein
countries	GEN - Genoa	Giacomo Promontorio
countries	GEN - Genoa	Lorenzo de Mari
countries	GEN - Genoa	Giannettino Odone
countries	GEN - Genoa	Agostino Spinola
countries	GEN - Genoa	Prospero Adorno
countries	GEN - Genoa	Gian Galeazzo
countries	GEN - Genoa	Lorenzo Sauli
countries	GEN - Genoa	Gerolamo de Mari
countries	GEN - Genoa	Ambrogio di Negro
countries	GEN - Genoa	Tommaso di Campofregoso
countries	GEN - Genoa	Francesco Invrea
countries	GEN - Genoa	Francesco Sauli
countries	GEN - Genoa	Luca Spinola
countries	GEN - Genoa	Nicolo Doria
countries	GEN - Genoa	Cesare Cattaneo
countries	GEN - Genoa	Battista Spinola
countries	GEN - Genoa	Giovanni Durazzo
countries	GEN - Genoa	Allesandro Spinola
countries	GEN - Genoa	Domenico Spinola
countries	GEN - Genoa	Paolo da Nova
countries	GEN - Genoa	Davide Vacca
countries	GEN - Genoa	Giano de Campofregoso
countries	GEN - Genoa	Giacomo Durazzo
countries	GEN - Genoa	Andrea Doria
countries	GEN - Genoa	Raffaele Adorno
countries	GEN - Genoa	Alessandro Giustiniani
countries	GEN - Genoa	Frederico di Franchi
countries	GEN - Genoa	Cesare Durazzo
countries	GEN - Genoa	Agostino Pinelli
countries	GEN - Genoa	Andrea Spinola
countries	GEN - Genoa	Ottavio Odorico
countries	GEN - Genoa	Antonio Adorno
countries	GEN - Genoa	Brizio Giustiniani
countries	GEN - Genoa	Giovanni Battista Cambiaso
countries	GEN - Genoa	Giovanni Brignole
countries	GEN - Genoa	Francesco Garbarino
countries	GEN - Genoa	Luca Giustiniani
countries	GEN - Genoa	Prospero Centurione
countries	GEN - Genoa	Giovanni Imperiale
countries	GEN - Genoa	Pietro de Franchi
countries	GEN - Genoa	Agostino Doria
countries	GEN - Genoa	Giulio Sauli
countries	GEN - Genoa	Giovanni Negrone
countries	GEN - Genoa	Givanni Lercari
countries	GEN - Genoa	Bernardo Clavarezza
countries	GEN - Genoa	Giovanni Grimaldi
countries	GEN - Genoa	Domenico de Mari
countries	GEN - Genoa	Gianstefano Durazzo
countries	GEN - Genoa	Gianotto Lomellini
countries	GEN - Genoa	Giovanni Gentile
countries	GEN - Genoa	Luca Invrea
countries	GEN - Genoa	Giovanni Cattaneo
countries	GEN - Genoa	Ambrogio Imperiale
countries	GEN - Genoa	Giacomo Maria Brignole
countries	GEN - Genoa	Giovanni Ayroli
countries	GEN - Genoa	Agostino Saluzzo
countries	GEN - Genoa	Giuseppe Maria Doria
countries	GEN - Genoa	Giacomo Lomellino
countries	GEN - Genoa	Dominco Canevaro
countries	GEN - Genoa	Giovanni Doria
countries	GEN - Genoa	Giorgio Centurione
countries	GEN - Genoa	Agostino Lomellino
countries	GEN - Genoa	Pietro de Campofregoso
countries	GEN - Genoa	Matteo Franzoni
countries	GEN - Genoa	Antonio da Passano
countries	GEN - Genoa	Bendinelli Negrone
countries	GEN - Genoa	G. Doria
countries	GEN - Genoa	Antoniotto Invrea
countries	GEN - Genoa	Girolamo Serra
countries	GEN - Genoa	Luca Grimaldi
countries	GEN - Genoa	Giovanni Centurione
countries	GEN - Genoa	Vincenzo Durazzo
countries	GEN - Genoa	Gerolama Chiavari
countries	GEN - Genoa	Lodovico de Campofregoso
countries	GEN - Genoa	Pietro Chiavica
countries	GEN - Genoa	Maria Rovere
countries	GEN - Genoa	Paolo Fregoso
countries	GEN - Genoa	Leonardo della Torre
countries	GEN - Genoa	Agostino Pallavicini
countries	GEN - Genoa	Lorenzo Centurione
countries	GEN - Genoa	Agostino Pinello
countries	GEN - Genoa	Agostino Viale
countries	GEN - Genoa	Gian Veneroso
countries	GEN - Genoa	Cristoforo Grimaldi
countries	GEN - Genoa	Battista Cicala
countries	GEN - Genoa	Constantino Balbi
countries	GEN - Genoa	Agostino Centurione
countries	GEN - Genoa	Michelangelo Cambiaso
countries	GEN - Genoa	Ligurian Republic
countries	GEN - Genoa	Federico de Franchi
countries	GEN - Genoa	Benedetto Gentile
countries	GEN - Genoa	Francesco Imperiale
countries	GEN - Genoa	Gian Pallavicini
countries	GEN - Genoa	Isnardo Guarco
countries	GEN - Genoa	Rodolphe de Lannoy
countries	GEN - Genoa	Frederigo Fregoso
countries	GEN - Genoa	Stefano de Mari
countries	GEN - Genoa	Giovanni Lercari
countries	GEN - Genoa	Giano Maria Fregoso
countries	GEN - Genoa	Battista Negrone
countries	GEN - Genoa	Gaspari Grimaldi
countries	GEN - Genoa	Paolo Giustiniani
countries	GEN - Genoa	Gerolamo Assereto
countries	GEN - Genoa	Agostino de Marini
countries	GEN - Genoa	Giovanni Battista
countries	GEN - Genoa	Rodolfo Brignole
countries	GEO - Georgia	Bagartioni
countries	GEO - Georgia	Giorgi IX
countries	GEO - Georgia	Davit
countries	GEO - Georgia	Davit X
countries	GEO - Georgia	Bagrationi
countries	GEO - Georgia	Vakhtang
countries	GEO - Georgia	Giorgi X
countries	GEO - Georgia	Aleksandre I
countries	GEO - Georgia	Simon I
countries	GEO - Georgia	Konstantine I
countries	GEO - Georgia	Heraclius II
countries	GEO - Georgia	Giorgi XII
countries	GEO - Georgia	Bagrat VI
countries	GEO - Georgia	Giorgi
countries	GEO - Georgia	Konstantine
countries	GEO - Georgia	Konstantiné II
countries	GEO - Georgia	Aleksandre
countries	GEO - Georgia	Giorgi VII
countries	GEO - Georgia	Aleksander I
countries	GEO - Georgia	Luarsab
countries	GEO - Georgia	Vakhtang IV
countries	GEO - Georgia	Luarsab I
countries	GHD - Djerid	Hassan II
countries	GHD - Djerid	Abu
countries	GHD - Djerid	Abu II
countries	GHD - Djerid	Hassan III
countries	GHD - Djerid	Abu IV
countries	GHD - Djerid	Hassan IV
countries	GHD - Djerid	Abu V
countries	GHD - Djerid	Banu Khalef
countries	GHD - Djerid	Abu III
countries	GHD - Djerid	Hassan
countries	GHR - Garhwal	Pradip
countries	GHR - Garhwal	Sahaj
countries	GHR - Garhwal	Man Shah I
countries	GHR - Garhwal	Parmar
countries	GHR - Garhwal	Fateh
countries	GHR - Garhwal	Lalit
countries	GHR - Garhwal	Bijai Pal
countries	GHR - Garhwal	Prithvi Shah Naktirani
countries	GHR - Garhwal	Sudarshan
countries	GHR - Garhwal	Hansdeo
countries	GHR - Garhwal	Upendra
countries	GHR - Garhwal	Hansdeo Pal
countries	GHR - Garhwal	Jaikarat
countries	GHR - Garhwal	Sahaj Pal
countries	GHR - Garhwal	Mahipat Shah
countries	GHR - Garhwal	Lalit Shah
countries	GHR - Garhwal	Upendra Shah
countries	GHR - Garhwal	Pradip Shah
countries	GHR - Garhwal	Sudarshan Shah
countries	GHR - Garhwal	Pradyuman Shah
countries	GHR - Garhwal	Balbhadra
countries	GHR - Garhwal	Fateh Shah
countries	GHR - Garhwal	Pradyuman
countries	GHR - Garhwal	Prithvi
countries	GHR - Garhwal	Shyam
countries	GHR - Garhwal	Balbhadra Shah
countries	GHR - Garhwal	Mahipat
countries	GHR - Garhwal	Sundar Pal
countries	GHR - Garhwal	Bijai
countries	GHR - Garhwal	Shyam Shah
countries	GHR - Garhwal	Jaikarat Shah
countries	GHR - Garhwal	Man
countries	GLE - Geledi	Muhamed
countries	GLE - Geledi	Uthman
countries	GLE - Geledi	Jaladi
countries	GLE - Geledi	Ali
countries	GLE - Geledi	Yusuf
countries	GLE - Geledi	Ahmed
countries	GOC - Golcanda	Muhammad I
countries	GOC - Golcanda	Muhammad II
countries	GOC - Golcanda	Qutb Shahi
countries	GOC - Golcanda	Jamshid
countries	GOC - Golcanda	Subhan Quli
countries	GOC - Golcanda	Quli Qutb-ul-Mulk
countries	GOC - Golcanda	Abd Allah
countries	GOC - Golcanda	Jamshid Quli
countries	GOC - Golcanda	Abu'l-Hasan
countries	GOC - Golcanda	Muhammad
countries	GOC - Golcanda	Ibrahim Quli
countries	GOL - Great Horde	Ahmad
countries	GOL - Great Horde	Genghisid
countries	GOL - Great Horde	Küchük Muhammad
countries	GOL - Great Horde	Shaikh Ahmad
countries	GOL - Great Horde	Ahmad I
countries	GOL - Great Horde	Shaikh Ahmad I
countries	GRA - Granada	Yûsuf V
countries	GRA - Granada	Muhammad VIII
countries	GRA - Granada	Nasrid
countries	GRA - Granada	Muhammad X
countries	GRA - Granada	Sa'd I Ciriza
countries	GRA - Granada	Ali I muley Hacén
countries	GRA - Granada	Muhammad El Zagal
countries	GRA - Granada	Muhammad XIII
countries	GRA - Granada	Ibrahim Ali al-Attar
countries	GRA - Granada	Alí I Muley Hacén
countries	GRA - Granada	Yûsuf
countries	GRA - Granada	Muhammad VII
countries	GRA - Granada	Muhammad
countries	GRA - Granada	Muhammad XII Boabdil
countries	GRA - Granada	Muhammad IX
countries	GRA - Granada	Muhammad XI
countries	GRA - Granada	Yûsuf III
countries	GRJ - Garjat	Biswambhar
countries	GRJ - Garjat	Harirudra Deo
countries	GRJ - Garjat	Raghunath
countries	GRJ - Garjat	Pratapnayan Deo II
countries	GRJ - Garjat	Purusottam Deo
countries	GRJ - Garjat	Pratapnayan
countries	GRJ - Garjat	Jugasai Deo IV
countries	GRJ - Garjat	Raisingh Deo III
countries	GRJ - Garjat	Raghunath Deo
countries	GRJ - Garjat	Anku
countries	GRJ - Garjat	Pratap
countries	GRJ - Garjat	Khadag Rai Deo
countries	GRJ - Garjat	Jugasai
countries	GRJ - Garjat	Biswambhar Deo
countries	GRJ - Garjat	Harirudra
countries	GRJ - Garjat	Dusmant Deo
countries	GRJ - Garjat	Jugasai Deo III
countries	GRJ - Garjat	Khadag Rai
countries	GRJ - Garjat	Jugasai Deo II
countries	GRJ - Garjat	Dusmant
countries	GRJ - Garjat	Raisingh Deo II
countries	GRJ - Garjat	Purusottam
countries	GRJ - Garjat	Haria Deo
countries	GRJ - Garjat	Gangavanshi
countries	GRJ - Garjat	Pratap Deo
countries	GRJ - Garjat	Raisingh
countries	GRJ - Garjat	Anku Deo
countries	GRM - Germiyan	Yakub II
countries	GUA - Guarani	Native Council
countries	GUG - Guge	Lobsang Rabten
countries	GUG - Guge	Tri Dragpa Wangchuk
countries	GUG - Guge	Shakya Ö
countries	GUG - Guge	Darma
countries	GUG - Guge	Namkha Wangchuk
countries	GUG - Guge	Namri Sanggye De
countries	GUG - Guge	Tri Trashi Dragpa De
countries	GUG - Guge	Ngagi Wangchuk
countries	GUG - Guge	Namgyal De
countries	GUG - Guge	Namkha Wangpo Phuntsog De
countries	GUG - Guge	Phagspa Lha
countries	GUG - Guge	Tri Nyima Wangchuk
countries	GUG - Guge	Tri Namgyal Dragpa De
countries	GUG - Guge	Jigten Wangchuk Pekar De
countries	GUJ - Gujarat	Bahadur
countries	GUJ - Gujarat	Mubarak
countries	GUJ - Gujarat	Mughal Governors
countries	GUJ - Gujarat	Ahmad Shah II
countries	GUJ - Gujarat	Mahmud Shah I
countries	GUJ - Gujarat	Muhammad Shah III
countries	GUJ - Gujarat	Mahmud Shah III
countries	GUJ - Gujarat	Ahmad Shah I
countries	GUJ - Gujarat	Muzaffarid
countries	GUJ - Gujarat	Muhammad
countries	GUJ - Gujarat	Ahmad
countries	GUJ - Gujarat	Mubarak Shah
countries	GUJ - Gujarat	Bahadur Shah
countries	GUJ - Gujarat	Ahmad Shah III
countries	GUJ - Gujarat	Muzaffar Shah
countries	GUJ - Gujarat	Mahmud
countries	GUJ - Gujarat	Zafar Khan
countries	GUJ - Gujarat	Muzaffar
countries	GUJ - Gujarat	Muhammad Shah II
countries	GUJ - Gujarat	Muzaffar Shah III
countries	GUJ - Gujarat	Muhammad Shah I
countries	GWA - Gwalior	Tomar
countries	GWA - Gwalior	Madhavrao
countries	GWA - Gwalior	Jankijirao
countries	GWA - Gwalior	Jankijirao I
countries	GWA - Gwalior	Man Singh
countries	GWA - Gwalior	Daulatrao I
countries	GWA - Gwalior	Madhavrao I
countries	GWA - Gwalior	Jayapparao
countries	GWA - Gwalior	Ranojirao
countries	GWA - Gwalior	Daulatrao
countries	GWA - Gwalior	Beersingh Deo
countries	GWA - Gwalior	Sindhia
countries	HAB - Austria	Leopold
countries	HAB - Austria	Sforza
countries	HAB - Austria	Maria Theresia
countries	HAB - Austria	von Habsburg
countries	HAB - Austria	von Wurmser
countries	HAB - Austria	von Frundsberg
countries	HAB - Austria	Maria
countries	HAB - Austria	Ferdinand I
countries	HAB - Austria	von Laudon
countries	HAB - Austria	Piccolomini
countries	HAB - Austria	Mack
countries	HAB - Austria	Charles V de Lorraine
countries	HAB - Austria	Francis
countries	HAB - Austria	de Avis
countries	HAB - Austria	Karl
countries	HAB - Austria	Josef II
countries	HAB - Austria	Bathyany
countries	HAB - Austria	Wilhelmine Amalia
countries	HAB - Austria	Anna
countries	HAB - Austria	Caroline Augusta
countries	HAB - Austria	von Traun
countries	HAB - Austria	Franz
countries	HAB - Austria	Leopold II
countries	HAB - Austria	Maria Theresa
countries	HAB - Austria	von Daun
countries	HAB - Austria	Friedrich III
countries	HAB - Austria	de Bourbon
countries	HAB - Austria	von Hatzfeldt
countries	HAB - Austria	de Vaudémont
countries	HAB - Austria	Eleanor
countries	HAB - Austria	Maria Luisa
countries	HAB - Austria	Philip I
countries	HAB - Austria	Prinz Eugen
countries	HAB - Austria	Erzherzog Johann
countries	HAB - Austria	Rudolf II
countries	HAB - Austria	Franz von Lacy
countries	HAB - Austria	Ferdinand
countries	HAB - Austria	Claudia Felicitas
countries	HAB - Austria	von Welf
countries	HAB - Austria	Maria Theresia I
countries	HAB - Austria	Maximilian II
countries	HAB - Austria	Schwarzenberg
countries	HAB - Austria	Rudolf
countries	HAB - Austria	Erzherzog Karl
countries	HAB - Austria	Leopold I
countries	HAB - Austria	Gonzaga
countries	HAB - Austria	Josef I
countries	HAB - Austria	Matthias
countries	HAB - Austria	Montecuccoli
countries	HAB - Austria	Jozsef Alvintzy
countries	HAB - Austria	Jagiellon
countries	HAB - Austria	Karl II
countries	HAB - Austria	von Wittelsbach
countries	HAB - Austria	Philip
countries	HAB - Austria	Josef
countries	HAB - Austria	Sachsen
countries	HAB - Austria	Ludwig
countries	HAB - Austria	Wallenstein
countries	HAB - Austria	Maximilian
countries	HAB - Austria	Franz II
countries	HAB - Austria	Georg Waldeck
countries	HAB - Austria	Browne
countries	HAB - Austria	Nadasy
countries	HAB - Austria	Bianca Maria
countries	HAB - Austria	Albrecht IV
countries	HAB - Austria	von Starhemberg
countries	HAB - Austria	Maria Leopoldine
countries	HAB - Austria	Eleonora
countries	HAB - Austria	Maximilian I
countries	HAB - Austria	Franz von Mercy
countries	HAB - Austria	Ladislaus Postumus
countries	HAB - Austria	Matthias I
countries	HAB - Austria	Michael von Melas
countries	HAB - Austria	Margaret Theresa
countries	HAB - Austria	Eleonor Magdalene
countries	HAB - Austria	Franz-Josef
countries	HAB - Austria	Ferdinand III
countries	HAB - Austria	Albrecht V
countries	HAB - Austria	Gottfried Pappenheim
countries	HAB - Austria	Albrecht
countries	HAB - Austria	Lobkowitz
countries	HAB - Austria	Matthias Gallas
countries	HAB - Austria	Ferdinand II
countries	HAB - Austria	von Neipperg
countries	HAB - Austria	Romer
countries	HAB - Austria	Elisabeth Christine
countries	HAD - Hadoti	Bishen Singh
countries	HAD - Hadoti	Birsingh
countries	HAD - Hadoti	Narayan Das
countries	HAD - Hadoti	Hamuj
countries	HAD - Hadoti	Chatra Singh
countries	HAD - Hadoti	Bhoj Singh
countries	HAD - Hadoti	Anirudh Singh
countries	HAD - Hadoti	Umaid Singh
countries	HAD - Hadoti	Ajit Singh
countries	HAD - Hadoti	Bandu
countries	HAD - Hadoti	Budh Singh
countries	HAD - Hadoti	Dalel Singh
countries	HAD - Hadoti	Surjan Singh
countries	HAD - Hadoti	Narayan
countries	HAD - Hadoti	Suraj Mal
countries	HAD - Hadoti	Surtan Singh
countries	HAD - Hadoti	Bao Singh
countries	HAD - Hadoti	Biru
countries	HAD - Hadoti	Ratan Singh
countries	HAD - Hadoti	Hada-Chauhan
countries	HAI - Hainaut	William
countries	HAI - Hainaut	von Wittelsbach
countries	HAI - Hainaut	Jacquette
countries	HAI - Hainaut	William VI
countries	HAI - Hainaut	Albert
countries	HAM - Hamburg	Stadtrat
countries	HAN - Hannover	Georg Ludwig
countries	HAN - Hannover	Georg
countries	HAN - Hannover	Georg Wilhelm
countries	HAN - Hannover	Ernst August
countries	HAN - Hannover	von Hannover
countries	HAN - Hannover	Christian Ludwig
countries	HAN - Hannover	Georg I Ludwig
countries	HAN - Hannover	Johann Friedrich
countries	HAN - Hannover	Georg II Wilhelm
countries	HAR - Harar	Abdullah
countries	HAR - Harar	Nassir
countries	HAR - Harar	Harari
countries	HAR - Harar	Hamid
countries	HAR - Harar	Abdalshakur
countries	HAR - Harar	Mansur
countries	HAR - Harar	Mahamed
countries	HAR - Harar	Abubakar
countries	HAR - Harar	Isman
countries	HAR - Harar	Talha
countries	HAR - Harar	Yusuf
countries	HAR - Harar	Khalaf
countries	HAR - Harar	Karanle
countries	HAR - Harar	Abdulrahman
countries	HAR - Harar	Mohammed
countries	HAR - Harar	Nur
countries	HAR - Harar	Ali
countries	HAR - Harar	Ahmed
countries	HAR - Harar	Hashim
countries	HAT - Haiti	Jean-Jacques
countries	HAT - Haiti	Dessalines
countries	HAU - Hausa	Muhamman Rumfa
countries	HAU - Hausa	Babba Zaki
countries	HAU - Hausa	Muhamman Nuzaki
countries	HAU - Hausa	Yakufu
countries	HAU - Hausa	Muhamman Zaki
countries	HAU - Hausa	Suleimanu dan Abahama
countries	HAU - Hausa	Da'uda Abasama I
countries	HAU - Hausa	Kutambi
countries	HAU - Hausa	Muhamman Yaji
countries	HAU - Hausa	Muhamman Shashere
countries	HAU - Hausa	Da'uda Abasama II
countries	HAU - Hausa	Alhaji Kabbi
countries	HAU - Hausa	Soyaki
countries	HAU - Hausa	Fulani
countries	HAU - Hausa	Abu Bakr Kado
countries	HAU - Hausa	Shekkarau II
countries	HAU - Hausa	Bawa
countries	HAU - Hausa	Ibrahim Dabo
countries	HAU - Hausa	Muhamman Kumbari
countries	HAU - Hausa	Muhamman Dadi
countries	HAU - Hausa	Muhamman Alwali
countries	HAU - Hausa	Da'uda Abasama
countries	HAU - Hausa	Habe
countries	HAU - Hausa	'Abdullahi II
countries	HAU - Hausa	Muhamman Kukumba
countries	HAU - Hausa	Chiroma
countries	HAU - Hausa	Alhaji
countries	HAU - Hausa	Muhamman Kisoki
countries	HAU - Hausa	'Abdullahi
countries	HAU - Hausa	Muhamman Sharifa
countries	HAU - Hausa	Yakubu
countries	HDA - Haida	Native Council
countries	HDR - Hadramut	Ahmad
countries	HDR - Hadramut	Jafar ibn Abdallah
countries	HDR - Hadramut	Jafar ibn Badr
countries	HDR - Hadramut	Ahmad ibn Ahmad
countries	HDR - Hadramut	Amr ibn Badr
countries	HDR - Hadramut	Muhsin bin Ahmad
countries	HDR - Hadramut	Abdallah
countries	HDR - Hadramut	Abdallah ibn Badr
countries	HDR - Hadramut	Badr ibn 'Abdallah
countries	HDR - Hadramut	Jafar
countries	HDR - Hadramut	Al Kathiri
countries	HDR - Hadramut	Muhammad ibn 'Ali
countries	HDY - Hadiya	Bamo II
countries	HDY - Hadiya	Hadiya
countries	HDY - Hadiya	Bamo
countries	HDY - Hadiya	Bamo III
countries	HED - The Hedjaz	Barakât I
countries	HED - The Hedjaz	Ahmad VIII
countries	HED - The Hedjaz	Musâ'ad
countries	HED - The Hedjaz	Muhammad V
countries	HED - The Hedjaz	Muhammad VIII
countries	HED - The Hedjaz	Ahmad III
countries	HED - The Hedjaz	Surur
countries	HED - The Hedjaz	Mas'ûd III
countries	HED - The Hedjaz	Muhsîn I
countries	HED - The Hedjaz	Yahyâ II
countries	HED - The Hedjaz	Mas'ûd I
countries	HED - The Hedjaz	'Abdilâh I
countries	HED - The Hedjaz	'Ali III
countries	HED - The Hedjaz	Barakât III
countries	HED - The Hedjaz	Sa'id II
countries	HED - The Hedjaz	al-Hasan III
countries	HED - The Hedjaz	Mubârak
countries	HED - The Hedjaz	Muhammad VI
countries	HED - The Hedjaz	Hawashim
countries	HED - The Hedjaz	'Abd al-Karîm
countries	HED - The Hedjaz	Yahyâ I
countries	HED - The Hedjaz	Sa'd I
countries	HED - The Hedjaz	'Abd Allâh I
countries	HED - The Hedjaz	Barakât II
countries	HED - The Hedjaz	Mushîn II
countries	HED - The Hedjaz	Idrîs II
countries	HED - The Hedjaz	Hasan II
countries	HED - The Hedjaz	Ahmad IX
countries	HED - The Hedjaz	Abu't-Tâlib
countries	HED - The Hedjaz	Abu'l Qasim
countries	HED - The Hedjaz	Zayid
countries	HED - The Hedjaz	Gâlib
countries	HED - The Hedjaz	Ahmad VII
countries	HED - The Hedjaz	Ahmad VI
countries	HES - Hessen	von Wettin
countries	HES - Hessen	Wilhelm I
countries	HES - Hessen	Wilhelm II
countries	HES - Hessen	Ludwig I
countries	HES - Hessen	Wilhelm
countries	HES - Hessen	Wilhelm VII
countries	HES - Hessen	Eberstein
countries	HES - Hessen	Friedrich II
countries	HES - Hessen	von Hesse-Kassel
countries	HES - Hessen	Wilhelm V
countries	HES - Hessen	Hesse
countries	HES - Hessen	von Hessen-Kassel
countries	HES - Hessen	Moritz
countries	HES - Hessen	Fredrik I
countries	HES - Hessen	von Hessen
countries	HES - Hessen	Philipp
countries	HES - Hessen	Karl
countries	HES - Hessen	Wilhelm IV
countries	HES - Hessen	von Darmstadt
countries	HES - Hessen	Wilhelm IX
countries	HES - Hessen	Wilhem VIII
countries	HES - Hessen	Wilhem VII
countries	HES - Hessen	Ludwig
countries	HES - Hessen	Fredrik
countries	HES - Hessen	W. von Knyphausen
countries	HES - Hessen	Friedrich
countries	HES - Hessen	Hermann II
countries	HES - Hessen	Anna
countries	HES - Hessen	Philipp I
countries	HES - Hessen	Ludwig II
countries	HES - Hessen	Wilhelm VI
countries	HJA - Huyla	Huyla
countries	HJA - Huyla	Hastu
countries	HJO - Hojo	Ujiyasu
countries	HJO - Hojo	Ujimasa
countries	HJO - Hojo	Hojo
countries	HJO - Hojo	Soun
countries	HJO - Hojo	Ujinao
countries	HJO - Hojo	Ujitsuna
countries	HMI - Kara Del	Borjigin
countries	HMI - Kara Del	Bai Ya Ji
countries	HMI - Kara Del	Ha Li Suo Lu Tan
countries	HMI - Kara Del	Shan Ba
countries	HMI - Kara Del	Bo Lie Ge
countries	HMI - Kara Del	Yan Ke Bei La
countries	HMI - Kara Del	Han Shen
countries	HOB - Hobyo	Yusuf II
countries	HOB - Hobyo	Yusuf
countries	HOB - Hobyo	Kenadid
countries	HOB - Hobyo	Ali II
countries	HOB - Hobyo	Mohammed
countries	HOB - Hobyo	Ali
countries	HOB - Hobyo	Ahmed
countries	HOD - Hodyntsy	Native Council
countries	HOL - Holland	Willem
countries	HOL - Holland	Willem VI
countries	HOL - Holland	von Wittelsbach
countries	HOL - Holland	Albert
countries	HOL - Holland	Jacoba
countries	HSA - Hansa	Stadtrat
countries	HSE - Hsenwi	Hsai Hpom
countries	HSE - Hsenwi	Ai Lao
countries	HSE - Hsenwi	Hpaya Kiao
countries	HSE - Hsenwi	Sao Awk
countries	HSE - Hsenwi	Sao Mong Hka
countries	HSE - Hsenwi	Sao Hsam
countries	HSE - Hsenwi	Sao Naw Kiao
countries	HSE - Hsenwi	Kengtung
countries	HSE - Hsenwi	Sao Kawng Tai
countries	HSE - Hsenwi	Ai Lao Hkham
countries	HSE - Hsenwi	Sao In Hkam
countries	HSE - Hsenwi	Sao Hsam Si-Li
countries	HSE - Hsenwi	Sao Mong Sin
countries	HSE - Hsenwi	Sao Mong Hsam
countries	HSE - Hsenwi	Sao Maha Hkanan
countries	HSE - Hsenwi	Maung Nyo
countries	HSE - Hsenwi	Sao On
countries	HSE - Hsenwi	Sao Mong Hkak
countries	HSE - Hsenwi	Hsai Hkaw
countries	HSE - Hsenwi	Sao Hsam Hpi
countries	HSE - Hsenwi	Sao Kham Mu
countries	HSE - Hsenwi	Sao Mong Saik
countries	HSE - Hsenwi	Sao Hkham Tao
countries	HSK - Hosokawa	Mochimoto
countries	HSK - Hosokawa	Nobunori
countries	HSK - Hosokawa	Naritatsu
countries	HSK - Hosokawa	Akimoto
countries	HSK - Hosokawa	Sumiyuki
countries	HSK - Hosokawa	Sumitomo
countries	HSK - Hosokawa	Nagayoshi
countries	HSK - Hosokawa	Harumoto
countries	HSK - Hosokawa	Masamoto
countries	HSK - Hosokawa	Mitsumoto
countries	HSK - Hosokawa	Narishige
countries	HSK - Hosokawa	Kazuuji
countries	HSK - Hosokawa	Yoshikuni
countries	HSK - Hosokawa	Yoshitsugu
countries	HSK - Hosokawa	Harutoshi
countries	HSK - Hosokawa	Miyoshi
countries	HSK - Hosokawa	Mochiyuki
countries	HSK - Hosokawa	Sumimoto
countries	HSK - Hosokawa	Tadaoki
countries	HSK - Hosokawa	Katsumoto
countries	HSK - Hosokawa	Hosokawa
countries	HSK - Hosokawa	Fujitaka
countries	HSK - Hosokawa	Kiyouji
countries	HSK - Hosokawa	Munetaka
countries	HSK - Hosokawa	Tadatoshi
countries	HSK - Hosokawa	Shigetaka
countries	HSK - Hosokawa	Tsunatoshi
countries	HSK - Hosokawa	Mitsunao
countries	HSK - Hosokawa	Yoriyuki
countries	HSK - Hosokawa	Yorimoto
countries	HSK - Hosokawa	Narimori
countries	HSK - Hosokawa	Takakuni
countries	HSN - Hisn Kayfa	al-Kamil Ahmad
countries	HSN - Hisn Kayfa	al-Adil Fakhr al-Din
countries	HSN - Hisn Kayfa	al-Salih Salah al-Din
countries	HSN - Hisn Kayfa	al-Kamil IV Ahmad
countries	HSN - Hisn Kayfa	al-Ashraf Sharaf al-Din
countries	HSN - Hisn Kayfa	Khalil
countries	HSN - Hisn Kayfa	Ayyubid
countries	HTK - Hatakeyama	Nagatsune
countries	HTK - Hatakeyama	Mochikuni
countries	HTK - Hatakeyama	Mochitomi
countries	HTK - Hatakeyama	Mitsunori
countries	HTK - Hatakeyama	Hatakeyama
countries	HTK - Hatakeyama	Yoshito
countries	HTK - Hatakeyama	Yoshinari
countries	HTK - Hatakeyama	Masakuni
countries	HTK - Hatakeyama	Tanenaga
countries	HTK - Hatakeyama	Takamasa
countries	HTK - Hatakeyama	Akitaka
countries	HTK - Hatakeyama	Mitsuie
countries	HTK - Hatakeyama	Yoshitoyo
countries	HTK - Hatakeyama	Masanaga
countries	HTK - Hatakeyama	Motokuni
countries	HTK - Hatakeyama	Kunikiyo
countries	HTK - Hatakeyama	Hisayori
countries	HTK - Hatakeyama	Masanao
countries	HUN - Hungary	Gábor
countries	HUN - Hungary	Andras Hadik
countries	HUN - Hungary	Sigismund I
countries	HUN - Hungary	von Habsburg
countries	HUN - Hungary	Báthory
countries	HUN - Hungary	von Luxemburg
countries	HUN - Hungary	(Regency Council)
countries	HUN - Hungary	Christofer
countries	HUN - Hungary	Mátyás Corvin
countries	HUN - Hungary	Interregnum
countries	HUN - Hungary	Rákóczy
countries	HUN - Hungary	Miklos Zrinyi II
countries	HUN - Hungary	Ferenc Nadasdy
countries	HUN - Hungary	Ladislaus Postumus
countries	HUN - Hungary	Ferenc I
countries	HUN - Hungary	Mihai Viteazul
countries	HUN - Hungary	János II
countries	HUN - Hungary	Imre Thokoly
countries	HUN - Hungary	Draculecti
countries	HUN - Hungary	Pal Kinizsi
countries	HUN - Hungary	Istvan Bocskai
countries	HUN - Hungary	Sigismund
countries	HUN - Hungary	Gabor Bethlen
countries	HUN - Hungary	Mátyás
countries	HUN - Hungary	Bethlen
countries	HUN - Hungary	János I
countries	HUN - Hungary	János Hunyadi
countries	HUN - Hungary	István
countries	HUN - Hungary	János I Zápolya
countries	HUN - Hungary	Bocskai
countries	HUN - Hungary	Ferenc Rakoczi II
countries	HUN - Hungary	Zápolya
countries	HUN - Hungary	György II
countries	HUN - Hungary	Ferenc II
countries	HUN - Hungary	Miklos Zrinyi
countries	HUN - Hungary	György I
countries	HUR - Huron	Tarhe
countries	HUR - Huron	Dunquat
countries	HUR - Huron	Dannaconna
countries	HUR - Huron	Adario
countries	HUR - Huron	Ahatsistari
countries	ICM - Ichma	Irma
countries	ICM - Ichma	Ichma
countries	IKE - Ikeda	Terumasa
countries	IKE - Ikeda	Mitsumasa
countries	IKE - Ikeda	Tsunamasa
countries	IKE - Ikeda	Toshitaka
countries	IKE - Ikeda	Tsugumasa
countries	IKE - Ikeda	Yoshimasa
countries	IKE - Ikeda	Munemasa
countries	IKE - Ikeda	Narimasa
countries	IKE - Ikeda	Ikeda
countries	IKE - Ikeda	Naritoshi
countries	IKE - Ikeda	Harumasa
countries	ILL - Illinewek	Native Council
countries	IME - Imereti	Giorgi VI
countries	IME - Imereti	Demetre I
countries	IME - Imereti	Giorgi III
countries	IME - Imereti	Solomon II
countries	IME - Imereti	Svimon
countries	IME - Imereti	Solomon I
countries	IME - Imereti	Giorgi IV
countries	IME - Imereti	Demetre II
countries	IME - Imereti	Archil
countries	IME - Imereti	Aleksandre IV
countries	IME - Imereti	Bagrat IV
countries	IME - Imereti	Giorgi II
countries	IME - Imereti	Abashidze
countries	IME - Imereti	Gurieli
countries	IME - Imereti	Bagrationi
countries	IME - Imereti	Giorgi V
countries	IME - Imereti	Levan
countries	IME - Imereti	Bagrat III
countries	IME - Imereti	Bagrat II
countries	IME - Imereti	Mamia III
countries	IME - Imereti	David II
countries	IME - Imereti	Aleksandre II
countries	IME - Imereti	Rostom
countries	IME - Imereti	Giorgi VII
countries	IME - Imereti	Aleksandre III
countries	IME - Imereti	Aleksandre V
countries	IMG - Imagawa	Ujiteru
countries	IMG - Imagawa	Norimasa
countries	IMG - Imagawa	Ujichika
countries	IMG - Imagawa	Ujizane
countries	IMG - Imagawa	Norikuni
countries	IMG - Imagawa	Noriuji
countries	IMG - Imagawa	Imagawa
countries	IMG - Imagawa	Yoshitada
countries	IMG - Imagawa	Yasunori
countries	IMG - Imagawa	Yoshimoto
countries	IMG - Imagawa	Noritada
countries	INC - Inca Empire	Atoc
countries	INC - Inca Empire	Pachacuti Inca
countries	INC - Inca Empire	Sayri Tupac
countries	INC - Inca Empire	Manco Yupanqui
countries	INC - Inca Empire	Titu Cusi Inca
countries	INC - Inca Empire	Tupac Amaru
countries	INC - Inca Empire	Huayana Capac
countries	INC - Inca Empire	Tupac-Yupanqui
countries	INC - Inca Empire	Titu Cusi
countries	INC - Inca Empire	Viracocha Inca
countries	INC - Inca Empire	Tupac Inca Yupanqui
countries	INC - Inca Empire	Huáscar
countries	INC - Inca Empire	Pachacuti
countries	INC - Inca Empire	Tupac Huallpa
countries	INC - Inca Empire	Atahuallpa
countries	INC - Inca Empire	Hanan
countries	INC - Inca Empire	Huáscar I
countries	INC - Inca Empire	Sayri Inca Tupac
countries	INC - Inca Empire	Huayna-Capac
countries	INC - Inca Empire	Manco Inca Yupanqui
countries	INC - Inca Empire	Tupac Amaru Inca
countries	IRE - Ireland	mac Eóghain
countries	IRE - Ireland	Aedh XIV
countries	IRO - Iroqouis	Theyanoguin
countries	IRO - Iroqouis	Hiawatha
countries	IRO - Iroqouis	Wise Beaver
countries	IRO - Iroqouis	Eagle
countries	IRO - Iroqouis	White Wolf
countries	IRO - Iroqouis	Red Fox
countries	IRO - Iroqouis	Ahyouwighs
countries	IRO - Iroqouis	Thayendanega
countries	IRO - Iroqouis	Teiorhenhsere
countries	IRO - Iroqouis	Bear Paw
countries	IRO - Iroqouis	Pontiac
countries	ISK - Isshiki	Yoshihide
countries	ISK - Isshiki	Yoshimichi
countries	ISK - Isshiki	Isshiki
countries	ISK - Isshiki	Mitsunori
countries	ISK - Isshiki	Yoshikiyo
countries	ISK - Isshiki	Yoshinao
countries	ISK - Isshiki	Yoshiari
countries	ISK - Isshiki	Noriuji
countries	ISK - Isshiki	Akinori
countries	ISK - Isshiki	Yoshiharu
countries	ISK - Isshiki	Yoshitsura
countries	ISK - Isshiki	Norichika
countries	ISK - Isshiki	Yoshiyuki
countries	ISK - Isshiki	Issiki
countries	ITA - Italy	Napoleone I
countries	ITA - Italy	Repubblica Italiana
countries	ITA - Italy	Repubblica Cisalpina
countries	ITA - Italy	Bonaparte
countries	ITO - Ito	Suketaka
countries	ITO - Ito	Sukemichi
countries	ITO - Ito	Sukehiro
countries	ITO - Ito	Sukekuni
countries	ITO - Ito	Sukeharu
countries	ITO - Ito	Tadasuke
countries	ITO - Ito	Sukenori
countries	ITO - Ito	Sukeatsu
countries	ITO - Ito	Yoshimasu
countries	ITO - Ito	Sukehisa
countries	ITO - Ito	Sukemitsu
countries	ITO - Ito	Sukenaga
countries	ITO - Ito	Suketomo
countries	ITO - Ito	Sukeyoshi
countries	ITO - Ito	Suketami
countries	ITO - Ito	Sukezane
countries	ITO - Ito	Yoshisuke
countries	ITO - Ito	Sukeyuki
countries	ITO - Ito	Ito
countries	ITZ - Itza	Ahkinxok Muluchtzekel
countries	ITZ - Itza	Itza
countries	JAJ - Janjira	Surur Khan
countries	JAJ - Janjira	Siddhi
countries	JAJ - Janjira	Yusuf Khan
countries	JAJ - Janjira	Fateh Khan
countries	JAJ - Janjira	Amber Sanak
countries	JAJ - Janjira	Kasim Yakut Khan
countries	JAJ - Janjira	Abdul Samad Surul Khan
countries	JAJ - Janjira	Qasim Khan
countries	JAJ - Janjira	Ambat Yakut Khan
countries	JAJ - Janjira	Yakut Khan Shazli
countries	JAJ - Janjira	Abdul Karim Khan
countries	JAN - Jangaldesh	Naroji
countries	JAN - Jangaldesh	Kalyan
countries	JAN - Jangaldesh	Dalpat
countries	JAN - Jangaldesh	Sarup
countries	JAN - Jangaldesh	Jetsiji Singh
countries	JAN - Jangaldesh	Kalyan Singh
countries	JAN - Jangaldesh	Bika
countries	JAN - Jangaldesh	Sarup Singh
countries	JAN - Jangaldesh	Naroji Singh
countries	JAN - Jangaldesh	Pratap
countries	JAN - Jangaldesh	Anup
countries	JAN - Jangaldesh	Karan
countries	JAN - Jangaldesh	Sur
countries	JAN - Jangaldesh	Gaj
countries	JAN - Jangaldesh	Surat Singh
countries	JAN - Jangaldesh	Sujan
countries	JAN - Jangaldesh	Gaj Singh
countries	JAN - Jangaldesh	Jetsiji
countries	JAN - Jangaldesh	Zorawar
countries	JAN - Jangaldesh	Pratap Singh
countries	JAN - Jangaldesh	Rao
countries	JAN - Jangaldesh	Raj Singh II
countries	JAN - Jangaldesh	Karan Singh
countries	JAN - Jangaldesh	Sujan Singh
countries	JAN - Jangaldesh	Surat
countries	JAN - Jangaldesh	Raj
countries	JAN - Jangaldesh	Bhati
countries	JAN - Jangaldesh	Sur Singh
countries	JAN - Jangaldesh	Anup Singh
countries	JAN - Jangaldesh	Zorawar Singh
countries	JAN - Jangaldesh	Rathore
countries	JAN - Jangaldesh	Raj Singh
countries	JAN - Jangaldesh	Dalpat Singh
countries	JAP - Japan	Yoshikazu
countries	JAP - Japan	Ietsugu
countries	JAP - Japan	Yoshimasa
countries	JAP - Japan	Toyotomi
countries	JAP - Japan	Yoshiharu
countries	JAP - Japan	Ieyoshi
countries	JAP - Japan	Ieshige
countries	JAP - Japan	Hidetada
countries	JAP - Japan	Nobunaga
countries	JAP - Japan	Takauji
countries	JAP - Japan	Ienobu
countries	JAP - Japan	Ashikaga
countries	JAP - Japan	Ieyasu
countries	JAP - Japan	Oda
countries	JAP - Japan	Hideyoshi
countries	JAP - Japan	Tsunayoshi
countries	JAP - Japan	Ienari
countries	JAP - Japan	Yoshikatsu
countries	JAP - Japan	Hideyori
countries	JAP - Japan	Yoshimochi
countries	JAP - Japan	Yoshinori
countries	JAP - Japan	Iesada
countries	JAP - Japan	Yoshimitsu
countries	JAP - Japan	Yoshitane
countries	JAP - Japan	Iemochi
countries	JAP - Japan	Yoshimi
countries	JAP - Japan	Tokugawa
countries	JAP - Japan	Iemitsu
countries	JAP - Japan	Ieharu
countries	JAP - Japan	Yoshiteru
countries	JAP - Japan	Yoshizumi
countries	JAP - Japan	Yoshimune
countries	JAP - Japan	Hidetsugu
countries	JAP - Japan	Yoshihide
countries	JAP - Japan	Ietsuna
countries	JAP - Japan	Yoshiakira
countries	JAP - Japan	Yoshihisa
countries	JAP - Japan	Yoshiaki
countries	JFN - Jaffna	Periyapillai
countries	JFN - Jaffna	Sapumal Kumaraya
countries	JFN - Jaffna	Aryacakravarti
countries	JFN - Jaffna	Singai Pararasasegaram
countries	JFN - Jaffna	Cankili II
countries	JFN - Jaffna	Puviraja Pandaram
countries	JFN - Jaffna	Savulu
countries	JFN - Jaffna	Cankili
countries	JFN - Jaffna	Ethirimana Cinkam
countries	JFN - Jaffna	Kasi Nayinar
countries	JFN - Jaffna	Kanakasooriya Cinkaiariyan
countries	JIM - Jima	Jimma
countries	JIM - Jima	Abba Magal
countries	JJI - Janjiro	Zarmado
countries	JJI - Janjiro	Yengar
countries	JJI - Janjiro	Koke
countries	JJI - Janjiro	Awan
countries	JJI - Janjiro	Dalasi
countries	JJI - Janjiro	Takibo
countries	JJI - Janjiro	Dogamno
countries	JJI - Janjiro	Dirgimo
countries	JJI - Janjiro	Adil
countries	JNN - Jenne	Jenne-koi
countries	JNN - Jenne	Abu Bakr
countries	JNN - Jenne	Abu Bakr II
countries	JNN - Jenne	Muhammad Kunburu
countries	JNN - Jenne	Abd Allah
countries	JNN - Jenne	Jenne-Koi
countries	JNN - Jenne	Abd Allah II
countries	JNN - Jenne	Isma'il
countries	JNN - Jenne	Amadu
countries	JNN - Jenne	Seku
countries	JNN - Jenne	Waybu'ali
countries	JNN - Jenne	Abu Bakr III
countries	JNN - Jenne	Konboro
countries	JNN - Jenne	Muhammad Kinba
countries	JNN - Jenne	Anakba'ali
countries	JNN - Jenne	Ansa Mani Sourya
countries	JNP - Jaunpur	Sharqi
countries	JNP - Jaunpur	Mubarak Shah
countries	JNP - Jaunpur	Hussain Shah
countries	JNP - Jaunpur	Mahmud Shah
countries	JNP - Jaunpur	Ibrahim Shah
countries	JNP - Jaunpur	Sher Khan
countries	JNP - Jaunpur	Bhikhan
countries	JNP - Jaunpur	Mubarrak Shah
countries	JNP - Jaunpur	Hussain
countries	JNP - Jaunpur	Suri
countries	JNP - Jaunpur	Balwant Singh
countries	JNP - Jaunpur	Chait Singh
countries	JNP - Jaunpur	Narayan
countries	JNP - Jaunpur	Mahipat Singh
countries	JNP - Jaunpur	Udit Singh
countries	JNP - Jaunpur	Muhammad Shah
countries	JNP - Jaunpur	Ibrahim
countries	JNP - Jaunpur	Mahmud
countries	JNP - Jaunpur	Malik Qaranfal
countries	JNP - Jaunpur	Adil
countries	JOH - Johor	Hussein Shâh
countries	JOH - Johor	Alauddin Riayat Shâh
countries	JOH - Johor	Abd al-Rahmân Shâh
countries	JOH - Johor	Abd al-Jalîl Shâh III
countries	JOH - Johor	Abdullah Ma'ayat Shâh
countries	JOH - Johor	Muzaffar Shâh
countries	JOH - Johor	Abd al-Jalîl Shâh IV
countries	JOH - Johor	Abd al-Jalîl Shâh
countries	JOH - Johor	Bendahara
countries	JOH - Johor	Mahmûd Shâh II
countries	JOH - Johor	Abd al-Jalîl Shâh II
countries	JOH - Johor	Husseinn Shâh
countries	JOH - Johor	Ahmad Riayat Shâh
countries	JOH - Johor	Alauddin Riayat Shâh III
countries	JOH - Johor	Abd al-Jalîl Muazzam Shâh
countries	JOH - Johor	Alauddin Riayat Shâh II
countries	JOH - Johor	Melaka
countries	JOH - Johor	Muzaffar Shâh II
countries	JOH - Johor	Ibrâhîm Shâh
countries	JOH - Johor	Abd al-Jalîl Rahmat Shâh
countries	JOH - Johor	Mahmûd Shâh
countries	JOL - Jolof	Birawa Keme
countries	JOL - Jolof	Leele Fuli Fak
countries	JOL - Jolof	Birayma Mba
countries	JOL - Jolof	N'Diklam Sare
countries	JOL - Jolof	Sare
countries	JOL - Jolof	Tyukuli N'Diklam
countries	JOL - Jolof	Birayma Penda
countries	JOL - Jolof	Mba Buri-Nyabu
countries	JOL - Jolof	N'Dyelen Mbey
countries	JOL - Jolof	Tase Daagulen
countries	JOL - Jolof	Birayma Kuran Kan
countries	JOL - Jolof	Birayma Dyeme-Kumba
countries	JOL - Jolof	al-Buri Penda
countries	JOL - Jolof	Gireun Buri Dyelen
countries	JOL - Jolof	Lat-Kodu
countries	JOL - Jolof	Birayamb Kumba-Gey
countries	JOL - Jolof	N'Dyelen Mbey Leeyti
countries	JOL - Jolof	Bukaar Biye-Sungule
countries	JOL - Jolof	Leeyti Tyukuli
countries	JOL - Jolof	Ndiadiane
countries	JOL - Jolof	N'Diklam
countries	JOL - Jolof	Bakan-Tam Gan
countries	JOL - Jolof	Lat-Samba
countries	JOL - Jolof	al-Buri Dyakher
countries	JOL - Jolof	Tyukuli
countries	JOL - Jolof	Bakar Penda
countries	JOL - Jolof	Leeyti
countries	JOL - Jolof	Birayma N'dyeme Eter
countries	JOL - Jolof	Birayamb
countries	JOL - Jolof	Ndiaye
countries	JOL - Jolof	Bakaa-Tam Buri-Nyabu
countries	JOL - Jolof	Mba Kompass
countries	JSL - Jaisalmer	Manohar Das
countries	JSL - Jaisalmer	Jaswant Sing
countries	JSL - Jaisalmer	Lunkaran
countries	JSL - Jaisalmer	Bhim Singh
countries	JSL - Jaisalmer	Sabal Singh
countries	JSL - Jaisalmer	Mulraj Singh
countries	JSL - Jaisalmer	Gaj Singh
countries	JSL - Jaisalmer	Amar Singh
countries	JSL - Jaisalmer	Budh Singh
countries	JSL - Jaisalmer	Mulraj Singh II
countries	JSL - Jaisalmer	Kalyan Das
countries	JSL - Jaisalmer	Harraj
countries	JSL - Jaisalmer	Bhanwar
countries	JSL - Jaisalmer	Maldev
countries	JSL - Jaisalmer	Ramchandar
countries	JSL - Jaisalmer	Akhai Singh
countries	JSL - Jaisalmer	Yadava Bhati
countries	KAC - Kachar	Satrrudaman
countries	KAC - Kachar	Harischandra
countries	KAC - Kachar	Ladapha
countries	KAC - Kachar	Harmesvar
countries	KAC - Kachar	Dimasa
countries	KAC - Kachar	Nirbhay Narayan
countries	KAC - Kachar	Detsungpha
countries	KAC - Kachar	Chandraprabha
countries	KAC - Kachar	Megha Narayana
countries	KAC - Kachar	Indraballabh Naraya
countries	KAC - Kachar	Nar Narayan
countries	KAC - Kachar	Manipha
countries	KAC - Kachar	Udayaditya
countries	KAC - Kachar	Krishnachandra Narayan
countries	KAC - Kachar	Tamradhwaj Narayan
countries	KAC - Kachar	Suradarpa Narayan
countries	KAC - Kachar	Makardhwaj
countries	KAC - Kachar	Dharmadhwaj Narayan
countries	KAC - Kachar	Kirichandra Narayan
countries	KAC - Kachar	Khunkhorapha
countries	KAC - Kachar	Gopichandra Narayan
countries	KAC - Kachar	Bhimdarpa Narayan
countries	KAC - Kachar	Gobindchandra Narayan
countries	KAC - Kachar	Garurdhwaj Narayan
countries	KAC - Kachar	Khorapha
countries	KAC - Kachar	Birdarpa Narayan
countries	KAF - Kaffa	Gaki I
countries	KAF - Kaffa	Gali II
countries	KAF - Kaffa	Minjo
countries	KAF - Kaffa	Gali III
countries	KAF - Kaffa	Shongetato I
countries	KAF - Kaffa	Gaocho
countries	KAF - Kaffa	Gali I
countries	KAF - Kaffa	Kaye II
countries	KAF - Kaffa	Addiotato I
countries	KAF - Kaffa	Shag I
countries	KAF - Kaffa	Hoti I
countries	KAF - Kaffa	Giba I
countries	KAF - Kaffa	Kaye I
countries	KAF - Kaffa	Sherocho
countries	KAF - Kaffa	Gawi I
countries	KAF - Kaffa	Bongatato I
countries	KAF - Kaffa	Shaditato I
countries	KAF - Kaffa	Madi Gafine I
countries	KAF - Kaffa	Nechocho
countries	KAF - Kaffa	Minjiloch I
countries	KAF - Kaffa	Gaha I
countries	KAM - Mdo Khams	Derge
countries	KAM - Mdo Khams	Luphel
countries	KAM - Mdo Khams	Gyeltshen Bum
countries	KAM - Mdo Khams	Lodrö Tob
countries	KAM - Mdo Khams	Yagyelphel
countries	KAM - Mdo Khams	Panchen Ana
countries	KAM - Mdo Khams	Lhündrub
countries	KAM - Mdo Khams	Orgyen Tashi
countries	KAM - Mdo Khams	Namkha
countries	KAM - Mdo Khams	Sönam Sangpo
countries	KAN - Kano	Muhammad Nazaki I
countries	KAN - Kano	Baba Zaki I
countries	KAN - Kano	Dakauta I
countries	KAN - Kano	Yaji II
countries	KAN - Kano	Muhammad Shashere I
countries	KAN - Kano	Muhammad Kisoki I
countries	KAN - Kano	Yakufu
countries	KAN - Kano	Abdullah Burja I
countries	KAN - Kano	Muhammad Rumfa I
countries	KAN - Kano	Yaqub I
countries	KAN - Kano	Dadi I
countries	KAN - Kano	al-Hajj I
countries	KAN - Kano	Abu-Bakr Kado I
countries	KAN - Kano	Daud Abasama II
countries	KAN - Kano	Kano
countries	KAN - Kano	Muhammad Zaki I
countries	KAN - Kano	Abdullah I
countries	KAN - Kano	Ibrahim I
countries	KAN - Kano	Kumbari I
countries	KAN - Kano	Muhammad Sharif I
countries	KAN - Kano	Sullubawa
countries	KAN - Kano	Suleiman I
countries	KAN - Kano	Kutumbi
countries	KAN - Kano	Atuma I
countries	KAN - Kano	Kutumbi I
countries	KAN - Kano	Shekarau I
countries	KAN - Kano	Dambazau
countries	KAN - Kano	Muhammad al-Walid I
countries	KAN - Kano	al-Hajj Kabe I
countries	KAN - Kano	Muhammad Kukuna I
countries	KAN - Kano	Daud Abasama I
countries	KAN - Kano	Bawa I
countries	KAR - Karaman	Pîr Ahmed
countries	KAR - Karaman	Ibrâhîm
countries	KAR - Karaman	Pîr
countries	KAR - Karaman	Mahmûd
countries	KAR - Karaman	Karamanoglu
countries	KAR - Karaman	Mehmed
countries	KAR - Karaman	Alâeddîn I
countries	KAR - Karaman	Kâsim
countries	KAR - Karaman	Alâeddîn Ali II
countries	KAR - Karaman	Ibrâhîm II
countries	KAR - Karaman	Mehmed II
countries	KAR - Karaman	Seyfeddîn
countries	KAR - Karaman	Turgutoglu Mahmûd
countries	KAR - Karaman	Seyfeddîn Süleymân
countries	KAR - Karaman	Alâeddîn
countries	KAR - Karaman	Sultanzâde
countries	KAR - Karaman	Sultanzâde Ishâk
countries	KAS - Yarkand	Abdullah
countries	KAS - Yarkand	Mirza Abu Bakr
countries	KAS - Yarkand	Khoja
countries	KAS - Yarkand	Hanim
countries	KAS - Yarkand	Yulbars
countries	KAS - Yarkand	Kuraysh
countries	KAS - Yarkand	Abd al-Latif
countries	KAS - Yarkand	Abdurashid
countries	KAS - Yarkand	Abd al Latif
countries	KAS - Yarkand	Dughlat
countries	KAS - Yarkand	Muhammad Imin
countries	KAS - Yarkand	Muhammad
countries	KAS - Yarkand	Ahmad
countries	KAS - Yarkand	Shudja ad-Din Ahmad
countries	KAS - Yarkand	Appak
countries	KAS - Yarkand	Ismail
countries	KAS - Yarkand	Sayyid Ali
countries	KAS - Yarkand	Jahangir Mirza
countries	KAS - Yarkand	Nur ad-Din
countries	KAS - Yarkand	Yahiya
countries	KAS - Yarkand	Mahmud
countries	KAS - Yarkand	Chagatayid
countries	KAS - Yarkand	Muhammad Mumin
countries	KAS - Yarkand	Said Khan
countries	KAS - Yarkand	Abd ar-Rashid
countries	KAS - Yarkand	Abdul Karim
countries	KAT - Kathiawar	Ravalj Lakhaji
countries	KAT - Kathiawar	Lakhaji Ajoji
countries	KAT - Kathiawar	Jasaji Sataji
countries	KAT - Kathiawar	Hardholji Lakhaji
countries	KAT - Kathiawar	Jadeja
countries	KAT - Kathiawar	Bhenji
countries	KAT - Kathiawar	Rajsinhji II Lakhaji
countries	KAT - Kathiawar	Vibhaji Ravalji
countries	KAT - Kathiawar	Tamachi Rajsinhji
countries	KAT - Kathiawar	Rajsinhji I Ajoji
countries	KAT - Kathiawar	Tamachi Hardholji
countries	KAT - Kathiawar	Sataji Lakhaji
countries	KAT - Kathiawar	Ranmalji Lakhaji
countries	KAT - Kathiawar	Sataji Vibhaji
countries	KAT - Kathiawar	Hamirji
countries	KAT - Kathiawar	Jasaji Lakhaji
countries	KAT - Kathiawar	Lakhaji II Tamachi
countries	KAT - Kathiawar	Lakhaji III Tamachi
countries	KAT - Kathiawar	Amarji
countries	KAZ - Kazan	Sahib
countries	KAZ - Kazan	Muhammad Amin
countries	KAZ - Kazan	Safa
countries	KAZ - Kazan	Genghisid
countries	KAZ - Kazan	Mamuk
countries	KAZ - Kazan	Shaybanid
countries	KAZ - Kazan	Mahmudak
countries	KAZ - Kazan	Shah Ali
countries	KAZ - Kazan	Otemesh
countries	KAZ - Kazan	Ulugh Muhammad
countries	KAZ - Kazan	Giray
countries	KAZ - Kazan	Ibrahim
countries	KAZ - Kazan	Yadigar Muhammad
countries	KAZ - Kazan	Jan Ali
countries	KAZ - Kazan	Khalil
countries	KAZ - Kazan	Abdul-Latif
countries	KAZ - Kazan	Ilham
countries	KBA - Kabylia	Bouzid II
countries	KBA - Kabylia	Bouzid III
countries	KBA - Kabylia	Ahmed II
countries	KBA - Kabylia	Bouzid
countries	KBA - Kabylia	Sidi
countries	KBA - Kabylia	Betka
countries	KBA - Kabylia	Mokrani
countries	KBA - Kabylia	Abderrahmane
countries	KBA - Kabylia	Sidi Naceur
countries	KBA - Kabylia	Abdallah
countries	KBA - Kabylia	Abdelaziz
countries	KBA - Kabylia	Abdesslam
countries	KBA - Kabylia	Ahmed I
countries	KBA - Kabylia	Abdesselem
countries	KBA - Kabylia	Ahmed
countries	KBO - KanemBornu	Abdullah
countries	KBO - KanemBornu	Dunama Ghana
countries	KBO - KanemBornu	Ibrahim V
countries	KBO - KanemBornu	Idris Katakarmaba
countries	KBO - KanemBornu	Idris
countries	KBO - KanemBornu	'Ali
countries	KBO - KanemBornu	'Ahmad `Alimi
countries	KBO - KanemBornu	Muhammad VIII
countries	KBO - KanemBornu	Othman Kalinuama
countries	KBO - KanemBornu	Sayfawa
countries	KBO - KanemBornu	Muhammad VII Erghamma
countries	KBO - KanemBornu	Muhammad Bukalmarami
countries	KBO - KanemBornu	Ibraihm
countries	KBO - KanemBornu	Ibrahim III
countries	KBO - KanemBornu	Hamdan
countries	KBO - KanemBornu	Biri II
countries	KBO - KanemBornu	Ibrahim
countries	KBO - KanemBornu	Mohammed
countries	KBO - KanemBornu	Dunama V
countries	KBO - KanemBornu	Dunama VII
countries	KBO - KanemBornu	Muhammad II
countries	KBO - KanemBornu	Dunama Ngumaramma
countries	KBO - KanemBornu	Ibrahim II
countries	KBO - KanemBornu	'Ali III
countries	KBO - KanemBornu	'Ali IV Ajimi
countries	KBO - KanemBornu	'Umar III
countries	KBO - KanemBornu	Dunama VI Ngumaramma
countries	KBO - KanemBornu	Ahmad Dunama IV
countries	KBO - KanemBornu	Idris II Katakarmaba
countries	KBO - KanemBornu	Muhammad
countries	KBO - KanemBornu	'Abd Allah
countries	KBO - KanemBornu	'Abd Allah IV
countries	KBO - KanemBornu	Muhammad IV
countries	KBO - KanemBornu	Muhammad VI Bukalmarami
countries	KBO - KanemBornu	Muhammad Aminami
countries	KBO - KanemBornu	Muhammad V Aminami
countries	KBO - KanemBornu	'Umar
countries	KBO - KanemBornu	Idris Aluma Amsani
countries	KBO - KanemBornu	Dunama VIII Ghana
countries	KBO - KanemBornu	'Uthman
countries	KBO - KanemBornu	Dunama IV
countries	KBO - KanemBornu	Idris IV
countries	KBO - KanemBornu	Mohammed II
countries	KBO - KanemBornu	Muhammad Erghamma
countries	KBO - KanemBornu	'Ali Ajimi
countries	KBO - KanemBornu	Dunama VIII
countries	KBO - KanemBornu	Dunama
countries	KBO - KanemBornu	Muhammad III
countries	KBO - KanemBornu	Idris III Aluma Amsani
countries	KBO - KanemBornu	Ahmad Dunama
countries	KBO - KanemBornu	'Ali Zainami
countries	KBO - KanemBornu	'Ali I Ghaji
countries	KBO - KanemBornu	Kadai
countries	KBO - KanemBornu	Dunamma VIII
countries	KBO - KanemBornu	Amir
countries	KBO - KanemBornu	Ghaji
countries	KBO - KanemBornu	Abdullah II
countries	KBO - KanemBornu	'Ali II Zainami
countries	KBU - Kaabu	Saamanka Dala
countries	KBU - Kaabu	Saarafa Nyaaling
countries	KBU - Kaabu	Jeenung
countries	KBU - Kaabu	Kuntinka Sira Bula
countries	KBU - Kaabu	Sama Koli
countries	KED - Kedah	Kedah
countries	KED - Kedah	Muhyiddin Mansûr Shâh
countries	KED - Kedah	Ataullah Muhammad Shâh II
countries	KED - Kedah	Ahmad Tajuddin Halim Shâh
countries	KED - Kedah	Muhammad Jiwa Zainal Adilin II
countries	KED - Kedah	Rijaluddin Muhammad Shâh
countries	KED - Kedah	Ataullah Muhammad Shâh
countries	KED - Kedah	Ahmad Tajuddin Halim  Shâh
countries	KED - Kedah	Mahmûd Shâh II
countries	KED - Kedah	Muhyiddin Mansûrad Shâh
countries	KED - Kedah	Mudzaffar Shâh II
countries	KED - Kedah	Mu'adzam Shâh
countries	KED - Kedah	Sulaiman Shâh
countries	KED - Kedah	Abdullah Mu'adzam  Shâh
countries	KED - Kedah	Ahmad Tajuddin Halim Shâh II
countries	KED - Kedah	Mudzaffar Shâh
countries	KED - Kedah	Zainal Rashid Al-Mu'adzam Shâh
countries	KED - Kedah	Muhammad Shâh
countries	KED - Kedah	Mudzafar Shâh
countries	KED - Kedah	Muhammad Jiwa Zainal Adilin
countries	KED - Kedah	Ibrâhîm Shâh
countries	KED - Kedah	Dziaddin Mukarram Shâh
countries	KED - Kedah	Sulaiman Shâh II
countries	KED - Kedah	Mahmûd Shâh
countries	KED - Kedah	Abdullah Mukarram Shâh
countries	KED - Kedah	Abdullah Mu'adzam Shâh
countries	KGR - Kangra	Hamir Chand
countries	KGR - Kangra	Sansar Chand I
countries	KGR - Kangra	Udi Ram Chand
countries	KGR - Kangra	Shrinagar Chand
countries	KGR - Kangra	Narendra Chand
countries	KGR - Kangra	Alam Chand
countries	KGR - Kangra	Sansar Chand II
countries	KGR - Kangra	Ghamir Chand
countries	KGR - Kangra	Suvira Chand
countries	KGR - Kangra	Devangga Chand
countries	KGR - Kangra	Jai Chand
countries	KGR - Kangra	Megh Chand
countries	KGR - Kangra	Alam Chand II
countries	KGR - Kangra	Manika Chand
countries	KGR - Kangra	Hari Chand II
countries	KGR - Kangra	Ghamand Chand
countries	KGR - Kangra	Bidhi Chand
countries	KGR - Kangra	Hari Chand
countries	KGR - Kangra	Prayag Chand
countries	KGR - Kangra	Abhay Chand
countries	KGR - Kangra	Vijay Ram Chand
countries	KGR - Kangra	Karan Chand
countries	KGR - Kangra	Udi
countries	KGR - Kangra	Tegh Chand
countries	KGR - Kangra	Chandarbhan Chand
countries	KGR - Kangra	Ram Chand
countries	KGR - Kangra	Karan Chand II
countries	KGR - Kangra	Dharam Chand
countries	KGR - Kangra	Vijay
countries	KGR - Kangra	Hari Chand I
countries	KGR - Kangra	Anirudh Chand II
countries	KGR - Kangra	Sansar Chand
countries	KGR - Kangra	Bhim Chand
countries	KGR - Kangra	Jai Chand V
countries	KGR - Kangra	Triloka Chand
countries	KGR - Kangra	Anirudh Chand
countries	KGR - Kangra	Katoch
countries	KHA - MongolKhanate	Manduulun
countries	KHA - MongolKhanate	Külüg
countries	KHA - MongolKhanate	Altan
countries	KHA - MongolKhanate	Jayaatu
countries	KHA - MongolKhanate	Altan Khan
countries	KHA - MongolKhanate	Barsbolad
countries	KHA - MongolKhanate	Gün Temür
countries	KHA - MongolKhanate	Tümen Jasaghtu
countries	KHA - MongolKhanate	Jorightu Yesüder
countries	KHA - MongolKhanate	Uskhal Tögüs Temür
countries	KHA - MongolKhanate	Bodi Alagh
countries	KHA - MongolKhanate	Lingdan Khutaghtu
countries	KHA - MongolKhanate	Markörgis
countries	KHA - MongolKhanate	Mandukhai Khatun
countries	KHA - MongolKhanate	Toghon Temür
countries	KHA - MongolKhanate	Öljei Temür
countries	KHA - MongolKhanate	Agbarjin
countries	KHA - MongolKhanate	Biligtü
countries	KHA - MongolKhanate	Buyan Sechen
countries	KHA - MongolKhanate	Yesün Temür
countries	KHA - MongolKhanate	Elbeg Nigülesügchi
countries	KHA - MongolKhanate	Oyiradai
countries	KHA - MongolKhanate	Gegeen
countries	KHA - MongolKhanate	Tayisung
countries	KHA - MongolKhanate	Adai
countries	KHA - MongolKhanate	Borjigin
countries	KHA - MongolKhanate	Örüg Temür
countries	KHA - MongolKhanate	Temür
countries	KHA - MongolKhanate	Rinchinbal
countries	KHA - MongolKhanate	Ragibagh
countries	KHA - MongolKhanate	Darayisung Gödeng
countries	KHA - MongolKhanate	Khutughtu
countries	KHA - MongolKhanate	Dayan
countries	KHA - MongolKhanate	Kublai
countries	KHA - MongolKhanate	Ejei
countries	KHA - MongolKhanate	Ayurbarwada Buyantu
countries	KHA - MongolKhanate	Delbeg
countries	KHA - MongolKhanate	Mulan
countries	KHA - MongolKhanate	Engke
countries	KHD - Khandesh	Rajah 'Ali Khan
countries	KHD - Khandesh	Da'ud Khan
countries	KHD - Khandesh	Miran Muhammad Khan I
countries	KHD - Khandesh	Ghazni Khan
countries	KHD - Khandesh	'Adil Khan
countries	KHD - Khandesh	Miran Muhammad Shah II
countries	KHD - Khandesh	Ghazni
countries	KHD - Khandesh	Miran Mubarak Shah II
countries	KHD - Khandesh	Miran Adil Khan I
countries	KHD - Khandesh	Faruqi
countries	KHD - Khandesh	'Adil
countries	KHD - Khandesh	Miran Muhammad
countries	KHD - Khandesh	Miran Mubarak
countries	KHD - Khandesh	Nasir Khan
countries	KHD - Khandesh	Miran Adil Khan
countries	KHD - Khandesh	Miran Mubarak Khan I
countries	KHD - Khandesh	Alam Khan
countries	KHD - Khandesh	Raja 'Ali Khan
countries	KHD - Khandesh	Miran Bahadur Shah
countries	KHD - Khandesh	Miran Mubarak Shah
countries	KHD - Khandesh	'Adil Khan II
countries	KHD - Khandesh	Alam
countries	KHI - Khiva	Vali
countries	KHI - Khiva	Dost
countries	KHI - Khiva	Ilbars I
countries	KHI - Khiva	Budjuga
countries	KHI - Khiva	Hadji
countries	KHI - Khiva	Agatay
countries	KHI - Khiva	Abu'l-Ghazi Muhammad
countries	KHI - Khiva	Genghisid
countries	KHI - Khiva	Abu'l-Ghazi III
countries	KHI - Khiva	Isim
countries	KHI - Khiva	Ghaip Khan I
countries	KHI - Khiva	Iltazar
countries	KHI - Khiva	Isfandiyar
countries	KHI - Khiva	Arab Muhammad
countries	KHI - Khiva	Hassan Quli
countries	KHI - Khiva	Juchi
countries	KHI - Khiva	Tuqaitimurid
countries	KHI - Khiva	Sher Ghazi
countries	KHI - Khiva	Anusha
countries	KHI - Khiva	Tawke
countries	KHI - Khiva	Yadgar
countries	KHI - Khiva	Hadji Muhammad
countries	KHI - Khiva	Qongirat
countries	KHI - Khiva	Shah Ghazi
countries	KHI - Khiva	Sufyan
countries	KHI - Khiva	Ilbars II
countries	KHI - Khiva	Abdullah Qarabay
countries	KHI - Khiva	Niyaz
countries	KHI - Khiva	Abu'l-Ghazi I
countries	KHI - Khiva	Muhammad Rahim I
countries	KHI - Khiva	Khudaydad
countries	KHI - Khiva	Abu'l-Ghazi II
countries	KHI - Khiva	Timur Ghazi
countries	KHI - Khiva	Kal
countries	KHI - Khiva	Arang
countries	KHI - Khiva	Arabshahid
countries	KHM - Khmer	Padumaraja I
countries	KHM - Khmer	Narayanaraja III
countries	KHM - Khmer	Ream Reachea
countries	KHM - Khmer	Reamea Chungprey
countries	KHM - Khmer	Barom Reachea III
countries	KHM - Khmer	Soriyotei II
countries	KHM - Khmer	Satha II
countries	KHM - Khmer	Ang Non
countries	KHM - Khmer	Khmer
countries	KHM - Khmer	Chey Chettha V
countries	KHM - Khmer	Ang Mey
countries	KHM - Khmer	Sri Raja
countries	KHM - Khmer	Ang Chan
countries	KHM - Khmer	Barom Reachea II
countries	KHM - Khmer	Ang Sur
countries	KHM - Khmer	Damkhat Sukonthor
countries	KHM - Khmer	Ang Em
countries	KHM - Khmer	Chey Chettha
countries	KHM - Khmer	Padumaraja III
countries	KHM - Khmer	Kaev Hua II
countries	KHM - Khmer	Outey Reachea II
countries	KHM - Khmer	Noreay Ramathipatei
countries	KHM - Khmer	Ponhea Nhom
countries	KHM - Khmer	Narayanaraja
countries	KHM - Khmer	Outey Reachea III
countries	KHM - Khmer	Ang Sor
countries	KHM - Khmer	Ang Ton
countries	KHM - Khmer	Barom Reachea IV
countries	KHM - Khmer	Preah Ram I
countries	KHM - Khmer	Satha Mahindharaja
countries	KHM - Khmer	Chey Chettha III
countries	KHM - Khmer	Thommo Reachea I
countries	KHM - Khmer	Ney Khan
countries	KHM - Khmer	Ang Chan I
countries	KHM - Khmer	Srey Sukonthor
countries	KHM - Khmer	Barom Reachea V
countries	KHM - Khmer	Thommoreachea III
countries	KHM - Khmer	Barom Reachea I
countries	KHM - Khmer	Reachea Ramathipatei
countries	KHM - Khmer	Thommoreachea IV
countries	KHM - Khmer	Ang Eng
countries	KHM - Khmer	Thommoreachea II
countries	KHM - Khmer	Keo Hua I
countries	KHM - Khmer	Chey Chettha II
countries	KHM - Khmer	Chey Chettha I
countries	KHM - Khmer	Chey Chettha IV
countries	KHM - Khmer	Ramathipadi I
countries	KHM - Khmer	Ang Tong
countries	KHO - Khorasan	Shah Rukh
countries	KHO - Khorasan	Ibrahim
countries	KHO - Khorasan	Afsharid
countries	KHO - Khorasan	Mahmud Shah
countries	KHO - Khorasan	Shihr
countries	KHO - Khorasan	Hajji
countries	KHO - Khorasan	Hussein Baiqara
countries	KHO - Khorasan	Badi' al-Zaman
countries	KHO - Khorasan	Interregnum
countries	KHO - Khorasan	Abû Sa'id
countries	KHO - Khorasan	Timurid
countries	KHO - Khorasan	Mahmud
countries	KHO - Khorasan	Babur bin Baysunkur
countries	KIC - Kiche	Oxib Keh
countries	KIC - Kiche	Vahxak i-Kaam
countries	KIC - Kiche	K'iche'
countries	KIC - Kiche	K'iq'ab'
countries	KID - Kildare	FitzGerald
countries	KID - Kildare	Henry
countries	KID - Kildare	Thomas
countries	KID - Kildare	Shane
countries	KID - Kildare	John
countries	KID - Kildare	Gerald
countries	KIK - Kikondja	Maniema
countries	KIK - Kikondja	Kisuku
countries	KIK - Kikondja	Dibwe
countries	KIK - Kikondja	Kikondja
countries	KIK - Kikondja	Nyembo
countries	KIK - Kikondja	Kanshimbu
countries	KIK - Kikondja	Nilemba
countries	KIK - Kikondja	Ngoy
countries	KIO - Kiowa	Native Council
countries	KKC - Kikuchi	Taketomo
countries	KKC - Kikuchi	Takehito
countries	KKC - Kikuchi	Takeshige
countries	KKC - Kikuchi	Kanetomo
countries	KKC - Kikuchi	Shigehito
countries	KKC - Kikuchi	Taketsune
countries	KKC - Kikuchi	Takekane
countries	KKC - Kikuchi	Yoshitake
countries	KKC - Kikuchi	Takemitsu
countries	KKC - Kikuchi	Takemasa
countries	KKC - Kikuchi	Kikuchi
countries	KKC - Kikuchi	Yoshiyuki
countries	KKC - Kikuchi	Masataka
countries	KKC - Kikuchi	Mochitomo
countries	KKC - Kikuchi	Tamekuni
countries	KLD - Kalundwe	Kaumba
countries	KLD - Kalundwe	Muteb
countries	KLD - Kalundwe	Nambing
countries	KLD - Kalundwe	Kasang
countries	KLD - Kalundwe	Kamin
countries	KLD - Kalundwe	Mushidi
countries	KLD - Kalundwe	Kalumbwe
countries	KLD - Kalundwe	Nawej
countries	KLE - Kleves	Adolf
countries	KLE - Kleves	Johann Wilhelm
countries	KLE - Kleves	von der Mark
countries	KLE - Kleves	Johann II
countries	KLE - Kleves	Johann I
countries	KLE - Kleves	Johann III
countries	KLE - Kleves	Johann
countries	KLE - Kleves	Wilhelm
countries	KLE - Kleves	Wilhelm der Reiche
countries	KLK - Khalkha	Tushiyetu
countries	KLK - Khalkha	Chakhundorji
countries	KLN - Keladi	Kiriya Basavappa
countries	KLN - Keladi	Chikkavenkatappa
countries	KLN - Keladi	Sankanna Nayaka
countries	KLN - Keladi	Ramaraja
countries	KLN - Keladi	Virabhadra Nayaka
countries	KLN - Keladi	Chikkasankanna
countries	KLN - Keladi	Chikkavenkatappa Nayaka
countries	KLN - Keladi	Chennamma
countries	KLN - Keladi	Sadashiva
countries	KLN - Keladi	Hiriya Venkatappa Nayaka
countries	KLN - Keladi	Bhadrappa
countries	KLN - Keladi	Basavappa
countries	KLN - Keladi	Shivappa
countries	KLN - Keladi	Chaudappa Nayaka
countries	KLN - Keladi	Keladi
countries	KLN - Keladi	Hiriya Venkatappa
countries	KLN - Keladi	Virabhadra
countries	KLN - Keladi	Ramaraja Nayaka
countries	KLN - Keladi	Sadashiva Nayaka
countries	KLN - Keladi	Bhadrappa Nayaka
countries	KLN - Keladi	Sankanna
countries	KLN - Keladi	Somashekara
countries	KLN - Keladi	Virammaji
countries	KLN - Keladi	Chennabasappa
countries	KLN - Keladi	Somashekara II
countries	KLN - Keladi	Shivappa Nayaka
countries	KMC - Kamchadals	Native Council
countries	KMT - Koch	Harendra
countries	KMT - Koch	Madan
countries	KMT - Koch	Shivendra
countries	KMT - Koch	Bir
countries	KMT - Koch	Dharendra
countries	KMT - Koch	Gajanka
countries	KMT - Koch	Lakshmi
countries	KMT - Koch	Khen
countries	KMT - Koch	Chandan
countries	KMT - Koch	Chakradhwaj
countries	KMT - Koch	Upendra
countries	KMT - Koch	Debendra
countries	KMT - Koch	Mriganka
countries	KMT - Koch	Nar
countries	KMT - Koch	Dhairjendra
countries	KMT - Koch	Pran
countries	KMT - Koch	Rajendra
countries	KMT - Koch	Niladhwaj´
countries	KMT - Koch	Sukranka
countries	KMT - Koch	Susenphâ
countries	KMT - Koch	Rup
countries	KMT - Koch	Viswa Singha
countries	KMT - Koch	Mahendra
countries	KMT - Koch	Nilambar
countries	KMT - Koch	Narayan
countries	KMT - Koch	Basudev
countries	KNG - kong	Wattara
countries	KNG - kong	Samanogo
countries	KNG - kong	Lasiri Gombélé
countries	KNG - kong	Bagi
countries	KNG - kong	Somafi
countries	KNG - kong	Maghan
countries	KNG - kong	Boromo
countries	KNG - kong	Gorogo
countries	KNG - kong	Babu
countries	KNG - kong	Kumbi
countries	KNG - kong	Basimba
countries	KNG - kong	Borogo
countries	KNG - kong	Badagba
countries	KNG - kong	Asoroba
countries	KNG - kong	Seku
countries	KNG - kong	Sori Fagarnan
countries	KNG - kong	Bokar
countries	KNG - kong	Mori Maghari
countries	KNI - The Knights	Piero del Ponte
countries	KNI - The Knights	Marc'Antonio Zondadori
countries	KNI - The Knights	Francisco Ximenes de Texada
countries	KNI - The Knights	M. de Lescout Romegas
countries	KNI - The Knights	Ramon Perellos y Rocaful
countries	KNI - The Knights	Aurelio Bottigella
countries	KNI - The Knights	Philibert de Naillac
countries	KNI - The Knights	Gregorio Carafa
countries	KNI - The Knights	Emmanuel de Rohan-Polduc
countries	KNI - The Knights	Leone Strozzi
countries	KNI - The Knights	Annett de Clermont-Gessan
countries	KNI - The Knights	Jean de La Valette
countries	KNI - The Knights	Ramon Despuig
countries	KNI - The Knights	Andrea d'Amaral
countries	KNI - The Knights	Jean Lascaris Castellar
countries	KNI - The Knights	L'Isle Adam
countries	KNI - The Knights	Philippe de L'Isle Adam
countries	KNI - The Knights	Antoine de Paule
countries	KNI - The Knights	Alofe de Wignacourt
countries	KNI - The Knights	Ferdinand von Hampesch
countries	KNI - The Knights	Manuel Pinto de Fonseca
countries	KNI - The Knights	La Valette
countries	KNI - The Knights	Guy de Blanchefort
countries	KNI - The Knights	Raphael Cotoner Olesa
countries	KNI - The Knights	Nicolas Cotoner
countries	KNI - The Knights	Jacques de Milly
countries	KNI - The Knights	Didier de Sainte-Jaille
countries	KNI - The Knights	Pierre d'Aubusson
countries	KNI - The Knights	Martin de Redin
countries	KNI - The Knights	Pietro Giustiniani
countries	KNI - The Knights	Emery d'Amboise
countries	KNI - The Knights	Jacques de Chambray
countries	KNI - The Knights	Jean Bonpar de Lastic
countries	KNI - The Knights	Hughes de Verdalle
countries	KNI - The Knights	Giovanni Battista Orsini
countries	KNI - The Knights	Antonio Manoel de Vilhena
countries	KNI - The Knights	Fabrizio Di Caretto
countries	KNI - The Knights	Adrien de Wignacourt
countries	KNI - The Knights	Piero Raimondo Zacosta
countries	KNI - The Knights	P. de Saint-Tropez
countries	KNI - The Knights	Martin Garzès
countries	KNI - The Knights	Emmanuel de Rohan
countries	KNI - The Knights	Luis Mendes de Vasconcellos
countries	KNI - The Knights	Pietro del Monte
countries	KNI - The Knights	Claude de La Sangle
countries	KNI - The Knights	Jean de La Cassière
countries	KNI - The Knights	Jean de Homedes
countries	KNI - The Knights	Anton Flavian de Ripa
countries	KNO - Kono	Michimasa
countries	KNO - Kono	Kono
countries	KNO - Kono	Michinobu
countries	KNO - Kono	Michiyoshi
countries	KNO - Kono	Naomichi
countries	KNO - Kono	Michiyuki
countries	KNO - Kono	Norimichi
countries	KNO - Kono	Michihisa
countries	KNO - Kono	Michimori
countries	KNO - Kono	Michitomo
countries	KNO - Kono	Michinao
countries	KNO - Kono	Michitaka
countries	KOC - Kochin	Vira Rayira Varma I
countries	KOC - Kochin	Goda Varma II
countries	KOC - Kochin	Rama Varma VIII
countries	KOC - Kochin	Vira Kerala Varma V
countries	KOC - Kochin	Ravi Varma II
countries	KOC - Kochin	Kerala Varma II
countries	KOC - Kochin	Kerala Varma I
countries	KOC - Kochin	Gangadhara Lakshmi
countries	KOC - Kochin	Rama Varma VI
countries	KOC - Kochin	Unni Rama Koil I
countries	KOC - Kochin	Rama Varma IV
countries	KOC - Kochin	Vira Kerala Varma I
countries	KOC - Kochin	Perumal
countries	KOC - Kochin	Goda Varma
countries	KOC - Kochin	Unni Rama Koil II
countries	KOC - Kochin	Unni Rama Koil
countries	KOC - Kochin	Rama Varma V
countries	KOC - Kochin	Kerala Varma
countries	KOC - Kochin	Ravi Varma I
countries	KOC - Kochin	Rama Varma
countries	KOC - Kochin	Rama Varma I
countries	KOC - Kochin	Ravi Varma
countries	KOC - Kochin	Vira Kerala Varma IV
countries	KOC - Kochin	Rama Varma XI
countries	KOC - Kochin	Kesara Rama Varma
countries	KOC - Kochin	Rama Varma III
countries	KOC - Kochin	Vira Kerala Varma III
countries	KOC - Kochin	Vira Kerala Varma
countries	KOC - Kochin	Vira Rayira Varma
countries	KOC - Kochin	Vira Kerala Varma II
countries	KOC - Kochin	Rama Varma IX
countries	KOC - Kochin	Goda Varma I
countries	KOC - Kochin	Rama Varma X
countries	KOC - Kochin	Rama Varma II
countries	KOC - Kochin	Kesara Rama Varma II
countries	KOC - Kochin	Kerala Varma III
countries	KOC - Kochin	Rama Varma VII
countries	KOK - Kokkand	Ming
countries	KOK - Kokkand	Alim
countries	KOK - Kokkand	Muhammad Baba
countries	KOK - Kokkand	Abdul-Karim
countries	KOK - Kokkand	Shahrukh
countries	KOK - Kokkand	Narbuta
countries	KOK - Kokkand	Abdul-Rahim
countries	KOK - Kokkand	Irdana
countries	KOK - Kokkand	Suleyman
countries	KOK - Kokkand	Muhammad Umar
countries	KOL - Cologne	Joachim I
countries	KOL - Cologne	Ludwig I
countries	KOL - Cologne	Ruprecht I
countries	KOL - Cologne	Hermann V
countries	KOL - Cologne	Friedrich III
countries	KOL - Cologne	Maximilian Franz I
countries	KOL - Cologne	Ernst I
countries	KOL - Cologne	Joseph Clemens I
countries	KOL - Cologne	Salentin I
countries	KOL - Cologne	Ferdinand I
countries	KOL - Cologne	Hermann IV von Hessen
countries	KOL - Cologne	Friedrich IV
countries	KOL - Cologne	Clemens August I
countries	KOL - Cologne	Gebhard II
countries	KOL - Cologne	Dietrich II von Mörs
countries	KOL - Cologne	Phillip II
countries	KOL - Cologne	Adolf III
countries	KOL - Cologne	Anton Viktor I
countries	KOL - Cologne	Gebhard I
countries	KOL - Cologne	Maximilan Heinrich I
countries	KOL - Cologne	Maximilian Friedrich I
countries	KOL - Cologne	Anton I
countries	KON - Kongo	Pedro IV
countries	KON - Kongo	Garcia IV
countries	KON - Kongo	Henrique II
countries	KON - Kongo	Afonso IV
countries	KON - Kongo	Afonso V
countries	KON - Kongo	José II
countries	KON - Kongo	Alvaro III
countries	KON - Kongo	Alvaro
countries	KON - Kongo	Kimpanzu
countries	KON - Kongo	Pedro VI
countries	KON - Kongo	António I
countries	KON - Kongo	Alvaro II
countries	KON - Kongo	Francisco
countries	KON - Kongo	Bernardo II
countries	KON - Kongo	Garcia II
countries	KON - Kongo	Ntinu
countries	KON - Kongo	Francisco II
countries	KON - Kongo	Alvaro IX
countries	KON - Kongo	Alvaro IV
countries	KON - Kongo	Kwilu
countries	KON - Kongo	Pedro II
countries	KON - Kongo	Nkuwu
countries	KON - Kongo	Pedro
countries	KON - Kongo	António II
countries	KON - Kongo	Garcia V
countries	KON - Kongo	Alvaro VII
countries	KON - Kongo	Henrique I
countries	KON - Kongo	Lukeni
countries	KON - Kongo	Raphael
countries	KON - Kongo	António
countries	KON - Kongo	José I
countries	KON - Kongo	Alvaro VI
countries	KON - Kongo	Diogo I
countries	KON - Kongo	Nzinga Nkuwa
countries	KON - Kongo	Afonso I
countries	KON - Kongo	Garcia I
countries	KON - Kongo	José
countries	KON - Kongo	Alvaro XI
countries	KON - Kongo	Alvaro V
countries	KON - Kongo	Nsundi
countries	KON - Kongo	Bernardo I
countries	KON - Kongo	Diogo
countries	KON - Kongo	Ambrosio
countries	KON - Kongo	Afonso
countries	KON - Kongo	Garcia
countries	KON - Kongo	Alvaro I
countries	KON - Kongo	Pedro I
countries	KON - Kongo	André
countries	KON - Kongo	Alexio
countries	KON - Kongo	Daniel
countries	KON - Kongo	Sebastião
countries	KON - Kongo	Alvaro XII
countries	KON - Kongo	Alvaro VIII
countries	KON - Kongo	Henrique
countries	KON - Kongo	Nicolau
countries	KON - Kongo	Kinlaza
countries	KON - Kongo	Alvaro X
countries	KON - Kongo	Bernardo
countries	KON - Kongo	Afonso III
countries	KOR - Korea	Bangwon
countries	KOR - Korea	Gwang
countries	KOR - Korea	Sejong Do
countries	KOR - Korea	Yung
countries	KOR - Korea	Geum
countries	KOR - Korea	Gong
countries	KOR - Korea	Hon
countries	KOR - Korea	Do
countries	KOR - Korea	Yu
countries	KOR - Korea	Banggwa
countries	KOR - Korea	Hyang
countries	KOR - Korea	Yeok
countries	KOR - Korea	Jong
countries	KOR - Korea	Hwan
countries	KOR - Korea	Yun
countries	KOR - Korea	Yon
countries	KOR - Korea	Hongwi
countries	KOR - Korea	Hyeol
countries	KOR - Korea	San
countries	KOR - Korea	Sun
countries	KOR - Korea	Ho
countries	KOR - Korea	Yeon
countries	KOR - Korea	Yi
countries	KOR - Korea	Seonggye
countries	KOR - Korea	Yi Sun-Sin
countries	KRA - Krakow	National Assembly
countries	KRC - Khorchin	Unebolad III
countries	KRC - Khorchin	Unebolad IV
countries	KRC - Khorchin	Khorchin
countries	KRC - Khorchin	Unebolad V
countries	KRC - Khorchin	Unebolad
countries	KRC - Khorchin	Unebolad VI
countries	KRC - Khorchin	Unebolad II
countries	KRK - Carnatic	Tupakula
countries	KRK - Carnatic	Chennappa
countries	KRK - Carnatic	Gangama
countries	KRK - Carnatic	Muhammad Sa'adat II
countries	KRK - Carnatic	Muhammad Sa'adat I
countries	KRK - Carnatic	Venkata Krishnappa
countries	KRK - Carnatic	Anwarudid
countries	KRK - Carnatic	Wala Jah Muhammad 'Ali
countries	KRK - Carnatic	Umdat Ul-Umra
countries	KRK - Carnatic	Dust 'Ali Khan
countries	KRK - Carnatic	Saadatullahid
countries	KRK - Carnatic	Anwar ad-Din Muhammad
countries	KRK - Carnatic	Safdar 'Ali Khan
countries	KRK - Carnatic	Dust 'Ali
countries	KRK - Carnatic	Muhammad Sa'adat
countries	KRK - Carnatic	Chanda Sahib
countries	KRK - Carnatic	Azam Jah
countries	KRK - Carnatic	Azimuddaula
countries	KRK - Carnatic	Venkata
countries	KRK - Carnatic	Safdar 'Ali
countries	KRW - Karagwe	Mwanga
countries	KRW - Karagwe	Kimbugwe
countries	KRW - Karagwe	Kamaanya
countries	KRW - Karagwe	Sekamaanya
countries	KRW - Karagwe	Juuko
countries	KRW - Karagwe	Ttembo
countries	KRW - Karagwe	Mutebi
countries	KRW - Karagwe	Mulondo
countries	KRW - Karagwe	Banyambo
countries	KRY - Biapis	Ali Mirza
countries	KRY - Biapis	Ahmad
countries	KRY - Biapis	Hasan
countries	KRY - Biapis	Mohammad
countries	KRY - Biapis	Sayyed Naser
countries	KRY - Biapis	Kiya
countries	KRY - Biapis	Ali
countries	KRY - Gilan	Ali Mirza
countries	KRY - Gilan	Ahmad
countries	KRY - Gilan	Hasan
countries	KRY - Gilan	Mohammad
countries	KRY - Gilan	Sayyed Naser
countries	KRY - Gilan	Kiya
countries	KRY - Gilan	Ali
countries	KSD - Khoshuud	Khoshut
countries	KSD - Khoshuud	Vangjal
countries	KSD - Khoshuud	Dalai
countries	KSD - Khoshuud	Gushri
countries	KSD - Khoshuud	Lhazang
countries	KSD - Khoshuud	Dayan
countries	KSH - Kashmir	Chacki
countries	KSH - Kashmir	Lohir Shah
countries	KSH - Kashmir	Yusuf Shah
countries	KSH - Kashmir	Ghazi Shah
countries	KSH - Kashmir	Haydar Shah
countries	KSH - Kashmir	Shams ad-Din
countries	KSH - Kashmir	Shah Miri
countries	KSH - Kashmir	Nazuk Shah
countries	KSH - Kashmir	Ali Shah I
countries	KSH - Kashmir	Hasan Shah
countries	KSH - Kashmir	'Ali Shah
countries	KSH - Kashmir	Mahmud Habib Shah
countries	KSH - Kashmir	Saiyid Mubarak Baihaqi
countries	KSH - Kashmir	Fath Shah
countries	KSH - Kashmir	Ali Shah
countries	KSH - Kashmir	Zayn al-'Abidin
countries	KSH - Kashmir	Muhammad Shah
countries	KSH - Kashmir	Husayn Shah I
countries	KSH - Kashmir	Ibrahim Shah
countries	KSH - Kashmir	Sikandar
countries	KSH - Kashmir	Ya'qub Shah
countries	KSH - Kashmir	Isma'il Shah
countries	KSJ - Kasanje	Imbangala
countries	KSJ - Kasanje	Kasa II
countries	KSJ - Kasanje	Kabuku II
countries	KSJ - Kasanje	Kinguri
countries	KSJ - Kasanje	Kasanje Kalunga
countries	KSJ - Kasanje	Kasanje
countries	KSJ - Kasanje	Kasa
countries	KSJ - Kasanje	Kabuku
countries	KSJ - Kasanje	Kasanje ka Imbe
countries	KTB - Kitabatake	Masasato
countries	KTB - Kitabatake	Noritomo
countries	KTB - Kitabatake	Tomofusa
countries	KTB - Kitabatake	Kichika
countries	KTB - Kitabatake	Tomonori
countries	KTB - Kitabatake	Harutomo
countries	KTB - Kitabatake	Kitabatake
countries	KTS - Katsina	Gwozo I
countries	KTS - Katsina	Karya Giwa I
countries	KTS - Katsina	Ibrahim Sura I
countries	KTS - Katsina	Jan Hazo III
countries	KTS - Katsina	Tsagarana Hasana I
countries	KTS - Katsina	'Ali I
countries	KTS - Katsina	Yan Korau
countries	KTS - Katsina	Muhammad Wari II
countries	KTS - Katsina	Azna
countries	KTS - Katsina	Sanau I
countries	KTS - Katsina	Mare Mawa Mahmud II
countries	KTS - Katsina	Magajin Halidu I
countries	KTS - Katsina	Karya Giwa IV
countries	KTS - Katsina	Gida Agwaragi Mai Kere I
countries	KTS - Katsina	Tsagarana Yahaya I
countries	KTS - Katsina	Muhammad Wari III
countries	KTS - Katsina	Muhammad Korau I
countries	KTS - Katsina	dan 'Umaru
countries	KTS - Katsina	Karya Giwa III
countries	KTS - Katsina	Muhammad Toya Rero II
countries	KTS - Katsina	Uban Yari I
countries	KTS - Katsina	Malam 'Umaru Dallaji I
countries	KTS - Katsina	Bawa I
countries	KTS - Katsina	Muhammad Kabiya Wari I
countries	KUB - Kuba	Misha mi-Shyaang
countries	KUB - Kuba	Mikope Mbula
countries	KUB - Kuba	Bope Mobinji
countries	KUB - Kuba	Bope Mobinji II
countries	KUB - Kuba	Shyaam a-Mbul
countries	KUB - Kuba	Kata Mbula
countries	KUB - Kuba	Kuba
countries	KUB - Kuba	Mikope Mobinji
countries	KUR - Courland	Peter
countries	KUR - Courland	Ernst Johann
countries	KUR - Courland	Karl Christian Joseph
countries	KUR - Courland	von Wettin
countries	KUR - Courland	Friedrich
countries	KUR - Courland	von Biron
countries	KUR - Courland	Freidrich Wilhelm
countries	KUR - Courland	Ferdinand
countries	KUR - Courland	Jakob
countries	KUR - Courland	Anna Ivanova
countries	KUR - Courland	Friedrich Kasimir
countries	KUR - Courland	Romanov
countries	KUR - Courland	Kettler
countries	KUR - Courland	Friedrich Wilhelm
countries	KUR - Courland	Gotthard
countries	KUT - Kutai	Kertabumi
countries	KUT - Kutai	Singhawardhana
countries	KUT - Kutai	Kertawardhana
countries	KUT - Kutai	Raden Wijaya
countries	KUT - Kutai	Sri Gitarja
countries	KUT - Kutai	Suhita
countries	KUT - Kutai	Wikramawardhana
countries	KUT - Kutai	Aji Muhammad Idris
countries	KUT - Kutai	Kartanegara
countries	KUT - Kutai	Girishawardhana
countries	KUT - Kutai	Kalagamet
countries	KUT - Kutai	Raden Sotor
countries	KUT - Kutai	Hayam Wuruk
countries	KUT - Kutai	Aji Pangeran Sinum Panji Mendapa
countries	KZB - Kazembe	Mfwama
countries	KZB - Kazembe	Kanyembo Keleka Mayi
countries	KZB - Kazembe	Shila
countries	KZB - Kazembe	Kanyembo Mpemba
countries	KZB - Kazembe	Mwongo
countries	KZB - Kazembe	Ng'anga Bilonda
countries	KZB - Kazembe	Mutanda
countries	KZB - Kazembe	Munona
countries	KZB - Kazembe	Kazembe
countries	KZB - Kazembe	Lukwesa Ilunga
countries	KZH - Khazak Horde	Burunduq
countries	KZH - Khazak Horde	Wali
countries	KZH - Khazak Horde	Tahir
countries	KZH - Khazak Horde	Janibek II
countries	KZH - Khazak Horde	Genghisid
countries	KZH - Khazak Horde	Qayip
countries	KZH - Khazak Horde	Abulay
countries	KZH - Khazak Horde	Haqnazar
countries	KZH - Khazak Horde	Mamash
countries	KZH - Khazak Horde	Sameke
countries	KZH - Khazak Horde	Buydash
countries	KZH - Khazak Horde	Esim
countries	KZH - Khazak Horde	Jangir
countries	KZH - Khazak Horde	Jolbaris
countries	KZH - Khazak Horde	Shighay
countries	KZH - Khazak Horde	Ghubaydulla
countries	KZH - Khazak Horde	Abilmambet
countries	KZH - Khazak Horde	Qasim
countries	KZH - Khazak Horde	Kerey
countries	KZH - Khazak Horde	Tawekel
countries	KZH - Khazak Horde	Bulat
countries	KZH - Khazak Horde	Janibek I
countries	KZH - Khazak Horde	Tauke
countries	KZH - Khazak Horde	Batir
countries	LAN - Florence	Piero Soderini
countries	LAN - Florence	Giovanni I
countries	LAN - Florence	Giulio
countries	LAN - Florence	Piero il Gottoso
countries	LAN - Florence	Machiavelli
countries	LAN - Florence	Giuliano
countries	LAN - Florence	de' Medici
countries	LAN - Florence	Cosimo
countries	LAN - Florence	Piero il Fatuo
countries	LAN - Florence	Francesco
countries	LAN - Florence	Girolamo Savonarola
countries	LAN - Florence	Vitellozzo Vitelli
countries	LAN - Florence	Cosimo I
countries	LAN - Florence	Alessandro
countries	LAN - Florence	Lorenzo il Magnifico
countries	LAN - Florence	Lorenzo
countries	LAN - Florence	Uffreducci
countries	LAP - La Plata	Carlos María de Alvear
countries	LAU - Lauenburg	Bernhard II
countries	LAU - Lauenburg	Franz
countries	LAU - Lauenburg	August
countries	LAU - Lauenburg	Johann V
countries	LAU - Lauenburg	Erich IV
countries	LAU - Lauenburg	Askanier
countries	LAU - Lauenburg	Erich V
countries	LAU - Lauenburg	Bernhard
countries	LAU - Lauenburg	Erich
countries	LAU - Lauenburg	Magnus I
countries	LAU - Lauenburg	Franz I
countries	LAU - Lauenburg	Francis Erdmann
countries	LAU - Lauenburg	Julius Franz
countries	LAU - Lauenburg	Johann
countries	LAU - Lauenburg	Julius Heinrich
countries	LAU - Lauenburg	Magnus
countries	LAU - Lauenburg	Franz II
countries	LDK - Ladakh	Jamyang
countries	LDK - Ladakh	Saskyong
countries	LDK - Ladakh	Tsetan
countries	LDK - Ladakh	Deskyong
countries	LDK - Ladakh	Gyalpo Takpa Bomlde
countries	LDK - Ladakh	Tashi
countries	LDK - Ladakh	Deldan
countries	LDK - Ladakh	Phuntsog
countries	LDK - Ladakh	Tsepel Tondup
countries	LDK - Ladakh	Nyima
countries	LDK - Ladakh	Tsewang
countries	LDK - Ladakh	Tsewang II
countries	LDK - Ladakh	Namgyal
countries	LDK - Ladakh	Delek
countries	LDK - Ladakh	Lotus Chhogaldan
countries	LDK - Ladakh	Singye
countries	LDU - Lundu	Lundu
countries	LDU - Lundu	Tondo
countries	LDU - Lundu	Tondo III
countries	LDU - Lundu	Tondo II
countries	LDU - Lundu	Sonzo
countries	LDU - Lundu	Quizura II
countries	LDU - Lundu	Quizura
countries	LDU - Lundu	Capampo
countries	LEI - Leinster	Art III
countries	LEI - Leinster	Muiris
countries	LEI - Leinster	Murchad IV
countries	LEI - Leinster	Murchadh V
countries	LEI - Leinster	Cathaoir II
countries	LEI - Leinster	Gearóid
countries	LEI - Leinster	Donal IX
countries	LEI - Leinster	Donal
countries	LEI - Leinster	Criomhthann I
countries	LEI - Leinster	Murchad
countries	LEI - Leinster	Murchadh
countries	LEI - Leinster	Gearóid I
countries	LEI - Leinster	Muiris I
countries	LEI - Leinster	Cathaoir
countries	LEI - Leinster	Donnchad
countries	LEI - Leinster	Criomhthann
countries	LEI - Leinster	Muireadhach
countries	LEI - Leinster	Muireadhach II
countries	LEI - Leinster	MacMurrough-Kavanagh
countries	LEI - Leinster	Art
countries	LEN - Lenape	Native Council
countries	LFA - Lanfang	Sibo
countries	LFA - Lanfang	Song
countries	LFA - Lanfang	Fangbo
countries	LFA - Lanfang	Liu
countries	LFA - Lanfang	Tai'er
countries	LFA - Lanfang	Wubo
countries	LFA - Lanfang	Que
countries	LFA - Lanfang	Luo
countries	LFA - Lanfang	Jiang
countries	LFA - Lanfang	Chabo
countries	LIE - Liege	César-Constantin I
countries	LIE - Liege	Georges-Louis I
countries	LIE - Liege	Jean VI
countries	LIE - Liege	Ernest I
countries	LIE - Liege	Jean VII
countries	LIE - Liege	Ferdinand I
countries	LIE - Liege	Jean-Théodore I
countries	LIE - Liege	Robert II
countries	LIE - Liege	Jean IX
countries	LIE - Liege	Jean VIII
countries	LIE - Liege	Érard I
countries	LIE - Liege	Georges I
countries	LIE - Liege	Charles-Nicolas I
countries	LIE - Liege	François-Charles I
countries	LIE - Liege	Gérard I
countries	LIE - Liege	Jean-Louis I
countries	LIE - Liege	Maximilien-Henri I
countries	LIE - Liege	Joseph-Clément I
countries	LIE - Liege	Louis I de Bourbon
countries	LIE - Liege	Corneille I
countries	LIG - Ligor	Ligor
countries	LIG - Ligor	Sulaymân Badr Shâh
countries	LIG - Ligor	Sam Agi
countries	LIG - Ligor	Rajah Qasim
countries	LIG - Ligor	Abu Syahid
countries	LIG - Ligor	Ma'ayat Shâh
countries	LIG - Ligor	Mu'azzam Shâh
countries	LIG - Ligor	Mahmûd Shâh
countries	LIG - Ligor	'Abd ar-Rahmân Shâh
countries	LIG - Ligor	Mansûr Shâh
countries	LIG - Ligor	Paramesvara
countries	LIG - Ligor	Muhammad Shâh
countries	LIT - Lithuania	Andriy Nemyrovych
countries	LIT - Lithuania	Svitrigaila
countries	LIT - Lithuania	Zygimantas I Stary
countries	LIT - Lithuania	Roman Sangushka
countries	LIT - Lithuania	Mykola Radivil
countries	LIT - Lithuania	Mykhaylo Glynskiy
countries	LIT - Lithuania	Zygimantas II August
countries	LIT - Lithuania	Kostiantyn Ostrozskiy
countries	LIT - Lithuania	Jagiello
countries	LIT - Lithuania	Juriy Radivil
countries	LIT - Lithuania	Aleksandras
countries	LIT - Lithuania	Zygimantas August
countries	LIT - Lithuania	Kazimierz
countries	LIT - Lithuania	Aleksandras I
countries	LIT - Lithuania	Vytautas
countries	LIT - Lithuania	Zygimantas
countries	LIV - LivonianOrder	Wennemar Hasenkamp
countries	LIV - LivonianOrder	Franco Kerskorff
countries	LIV - LivonianOrder	Wolter von Plettenberg
countries	LIV - LivonianOrder	Heinrich Vincke
countries	LIV - LivonianOrder	Zisse von Rutenberg
countries	LIV - LivonianOrder	Johann Wilhelm
countries	LIV - LivonianOrder	Johann Osthoff
countries	LIV - LivonianOrder	Johann von der Recke
countries	LIV - LivonianOrder	Gotthard Kettler
countries	LIV - LivonianOrder	Konrad von Vietinghof
countries	LIV - LivonianOrder	Diderick Tork
countries	LIV - LivonianOrder	Heinrich von Bockenforde
countries	LIV - LivonianOrder	Siegfried Lander
countries	LIV - LivonianOrder	Bernd von der Borch
countries	LIV - LivonianOrder	Hermann Hasenkamp
countries	LIV - LivonianOrder	Heinrich von Galen
countries	LIV - LivonianOrder	Johann Wolthuss
countries	LIV - LivonianOrder	Johann Fridach
countries	LNA - LanNa	Yotchiangrai
countries	LNA - LanNa	Setthathirat
countries	LNA - LanNa	Burman
countries	LNA - LanNa	Saenmueangma
countries	LNA - LanNa	Tilokaracha
countries	LNA - LanNa	Sisongmueang
countries	LNA - LanNa	Kaeo
countries	LNA - LanNa	Saenmuenagma
countries	LNA - LanNa	Nawrahta Minsaw
countries	LNA - LanNa	Po Mayunguan
countries	LNA - LanNa	Cheputarai
countries	LNA - LanNa	Phra Chaiyathip
countries	LNA - LanNa	Nan
countries	LNA - LanNa	Wisutthathewi
countries	LNA - LanNa	Chiang Mai
countries	LNA - LanNa	Saikham
countries	LNA - LanNa	Ket
countries	LNA - LanNa	Kawila
countries	LNA - LanNa	Chiraprapha
countries	LNA - LanNa	Po Aphaikhamini
countries	LNA - LanNa	Kü Na
countries	LNA - LanNa	Ong Kham
countries	LNA - LanNa	Phra Choi
countries	LNA - LanNa	Samfangkaen
countries	LNA - LanNa	Chaochetton
countries	LNA - LanNa	Luangthipphanet
countries	LNA - LanNa	Ingsemang
countries	LNA - LanNa	Mekuti
countries	LNA - LanNa	Mangraenara
countries	LNA - LanNa	Mangrai
countries	LNA - LanNa	Phrae
countries	LNA - LanNa	Thammalangka
countries	LNA - LanNa	Ong Chan
countries	LNA - LanNa	Phraya Chaban
countries	LNA - LanNa	Phra Saenmueang
countries	LNA - LanNa	Khun Lo
countries	LNA - LanNa	Khihut
countries	LND - Lunda	Yaav II a Nawej
countries	LND - Lunda	Mukaz Waranankong
countries	LND - Lunda	Mbala
countries	LND - Lunda	Mwaantaangaand
countries	LND - Lunda	Mukaz Munying Kabalond
countries	LND - Lunda	Nawej Mufa Muchimbunj
countries	LND - Lunda	Nkonda
countries	LND - Lunda	Mbala I Yaav
countries	LND - Lunda	Mwaant Yaav
countries	LND - Lunda	Cibind Yirung
countries	LND - Lunda	Cikombe Yaava
countries	LND - Lunda	Yaav I a Yirung
countries	LND - Lunda	Nawej II Ditend
countries	LND - Lunda	Nkonda Matit
countries	LND - Lunda	Muteba I Kat Kateng
countries	LNO - Lanao	Maka-alang Saripada
countries	LNO - Lanao	Ditsaan
countries	LNO - Lanao	Dundang Tidulay
countries	LNO - Lanao	Bacolod
countries	LNO - Lanao	Maribo
countries	LNO - Lanao	Dumalondong
countries	LNO - Lanao	Madaya
countries	LNO - Lanao	Laut Buisan
countries	LNO - Lanao	Butig
countries	LNO - Lanao	Barahaman
countries	LNO - Lanao	Baloi
countries	LNO - Lanao	Muhammad Tahir ud-Din
countries	LNO - Lanao	Kahar ud-Din Kuda
countries	LOA - Loango	Nguli Nkama
countries	LOA - Loango	Nobo Sinda
countries	LOA - Loango	Nkungu II
countries	LOA - Loango	Mew Pwati I
countries	LOA - Loango	Mwene Mbatu
countries	LOA - Loango	Loanga
countries	LOA - Loango	Makose
countries	LOA - Loango	Mwe Pwati I
countries	LOA - Loango	Bicullu
countries	LOA - Loango	Ntangu
countries	LOA - Loango	Macussu
countries	LOA - Loango	Nkungu
countries	LOA - Loango	Nombe
countries	LOA - Loango	Mwe Pwati
countries	LOA - Loango	Afonso
countries	LOA - Loango	Tati
countries	LOI - TheIsles	MacDonald
countries	LOI - TheIsles	Eoin II
countries	LOI - TheIsles	Eoin
countries	LOI - TheIsles	Alasdair
countries	LOR - Lorraine	Nicolas I
countries	LOR - Lorraine	Charles V Léopold
countries	LOR - Lorraine	Charles III
countries	LOR - Lorraine	Léopold I Joseph
countries	LOR - Lorraine	Charles II
countries	LOR - Lorraine	de Metz
countries	LOR - Lorraine	de Vaudémont
countries	LOR - Lorraine	Charles
countries	LOR - Lorraine	Charles Léopold
countries	LOR - Lorraine	François I
countries	LOR - Lorraine	François III Étienne
countries	LOR - Lorraine	René
countries	LOR - Lorraine	René II
countries	LOR - Lorraine	Jean II
countries	LOR - Lorraine	François Étienne
countries	LOR - Lorraine	Henri I
countries	LOR - Lorraine	Henri
countries	LOR - Lorraine	François II
countries	LOR - Lorraine	Nicolas II
countries	LOR - Lorraine	François
countries	LOR - Lorraine	Antoine
countries	LOR - Lorraine	Nicolas
countries	LOR - Lorraine	Charles IV
countries	LOR - Lorraine	Antoine I
countries	LOR - Lorraine	Stanislas I
countries	LOR - Lorraine	de Valois
countries	LOR - Lorraine	Léopold Joseph
countries	LOR - Lorraine	Leszczynski
countries	LRI - Luristan	Ismail
countries	LRI - Luristan	Djahangir
countries	LRI - Luristan	Oghur
countries	LRI - Luristan	Ali Mardan
countries	LRI - Luristan	Hussein II
countries	LRI - Luristan	Ashtarak
countries	LRI - Luristan	Muhammed
countries	LRI - Luristan	Wardi
countries	LRI - Luristan	Wardi II
countries	LRI - Luristan	Banu Husayn
countries	LRI - Luristan	Manuchir
countries	LRI - Luristan	Haydar
countries	LRI - Luristan	Rustam
countries	LRI - Luristan	Hussein
countries	LRI - Luristan	Hassan
countries	LRI - Luristan	Khorshidi
countries	LUA - Luang Prabang	Inthara Vongsa
countries	LUA - Luang Prabang	Sotika Koumane
countries	LUA - Luang Prabang	Anurutha
countries	LUA - Luang Prabang	Ong Kham
countries	LUA - Luang Prabang	Kin Kitsarat
countries	LUA - Luang Prabang	Thao Ang
countries	LUA - Luang Prabang	Manthaturat
countries	LUA - Luang Prabang	Surinya Vongsa
countries	LUA - Luang Prabang	Prabang
countries	LUA - Luang Prabang	Surinya Vongsa II
countries	LUA - Luang Prabang	Inthaphom
countries	LUB - Luba	Nday
countries	LUB - Luba	Mulopwe Mitonga
countries	LUB - Luba	Luba
countries	LUB - Luba	Tambwe Kabongo
countries	LUB - Luba	Kongolo Maniema
countries	LUB - Luba	Ilunga Sungu
countries	LUB - Luba	Kalala Ilunga
countries	LUB - Luba	Fumu Mikombe
countries	LUB - Luba	Kitamba
countries	LUC - Lucca	Maria Luisa
countries	LUC - Lucca	Consiglio Generale
countries	LUC - Lucca	Bourbon
countries	LUN - Luneburg	Bernhard II
countries	LUN - Luneburg	Heinrich
countries	LUN - Luneburg	August
countries	LUN - Luneburg	Heinrich VII
countries	LUN - Luneburg	Ernst I
countries	LUN - Luneburg	Otto
countries	LUN - Luneburg	August I
countries	LUN - Luneburg	Friedrich IV
countries	LUN - Luneburg	Christian Ludwig
countries	LUN - Luneburg	Ernst II
countries	LUN - Luneburg	Georg II Wilhelm
countries	LUN - Luneburg	Georg Wilhelm
countries	LUN - Luneburg	Otto I
countries	LUN - Luneburg	von Welf
countries	LUN - Luneburg	Bernhard I
countries	LUN - Luneburg	Christian
countries	LUN - Luneburg	Otto II
countries	LUN - Luneburg	Friedrich
countries	LUN - Luneburg	Bernhard
countries	LUN - Luneburg	Ernst
countries	LUN - Luneburg	Friedrich der Fromme
countries	LUW - Luwu	Palopo
countries	LUW - Luwu	Karaeng Tunibatta
countries	LUW - Luwu	Muhammad Bakr Hasan
countries	LUW - Luwu	Tunyachoka-ri
countries	LUW - Luwu	Sankilang
countries	LUW - Luwu	Batara Gowa
countries	LUW - Luwu	Tuni Pasulu
countries	LUW - Luwu	Muhammad Malik
countries	LUW - Luwu	'Abd al-Qudus
countries	LUW - Luwu	Hamaza Tumammalianga
countries	LUW - Luwu	Fakhr
countries	LUW - Luwu	Tunitangkalopi
countries	LUW - Luwu	Muhammad 'Ali
countries	LUW - Luwu	Parabung
countries	LUW - Luwu	Muhammad Imad
countries	LUW - Luwu	Tuni Djallo
countries	LUX - Luxembourgh	Elisabeth I
countries	LUX - Luxembourgh	von Luxemburg
countries	LUX - Luxembourgh	Jobst I
countries	LUX - Luxembourgh	Elisabeth
countries	LXA - LanXang	Setthathirat I
countries	LXA - LanXang	Setthathirat
countries	LXA - LanXang	Sai Tia Kaphut
countries	LXA - LanXang	Bhumadarada
countries	LXA - LanXang	Theng Kham
countries	LXA - LanXang	Lue Sai
countries	LXA - LanXang	Photisarat I
countries	LXA - LanXang	Lamakamadinga
countries	LXA - LanXang	Thai
countries	LXA - LanXang	Photisarat
countries	LXA - LanXang	Konekham
countries	LXA - LanXang	Nakhon Noi
countries	LXA - LanXang	Khamtum
countries	LXA - LanXang	Tian Thala
countries	LXA - LanXang	Sourigna Vongsa
countries	LXA - LanXang	Phraya Supho
countries	LXA - LanXang	Setthathirat II
countries	LXA - LanXang	Lan Kham Deng
countries	LXA - LanXang	Khai Bua Ban
countries	LXA - LanXang	Nan Tharat
countries	LXA - LanXang	Setthathirat IV
countries	LXA - LanXang	Samsenethai
countries	LXA - LanXang	Phommathat
countries	LXA - LanXang	Saensurin
countries	LXA - LanXang	Meunsai
countries	LXA - LanXang	Maha Oupahat
countries	LXA - LanXang	Khong Kham
countries	LXA - LanXang	Photisarat II
countries	LXA - LanXang	Nokeo Koumanh
countries	LXA - LanXang	Fa Ngum
countries	LXA - LanXang	Upanyuvarat
countries	LXA - LanXang	Laasaenthai
countries	LXA - LanXang	Thammikarat
countries	LXA - LanXang	Ong Long
countries	LXA - LanXang	Anouvong
countries	LXA - LanXang	Kham Tam Sa
countries	LXA - LanXang	Vichai
countries	LXA - LanXang	Tone Kham
countries	LXA - LanXang	Setthathirat III
countries	LXA - LanXang	Mon Keo
countries	LXA - LanXang	Setthathirat V
countries	LXA - LanXang	Sompou
countries	LXA - LanXang	Visunarat
countries	LXA - LanXang	Khun Lo
countries	MAB - Malabar	Viraraya
countries	MAB - Malabar	Manaveda VII
countries	MAB - Malabar	Manaveda III
countries	MAB - Malabar	Utrattati Tirunal
countries	MAB - Malabar	Manaveda V
countries	MAB - Malabar	Manaveda IV
countries	MAB - Malabar	Saamoothiri
countries	MAB - Malabar	Manaveda II
countries	MAB - Malabar	Manavikraman I
countries	MAB - Malabar	Manavikraman
countries	MAB - Malabar	Nileswaram
countries	MAB - Malabar	Manaveda VIII
countries	MAB - Malabar	Manavikraman II
countries	MAB - Malabar	Manavikraman IV Bharani Tirunal
countries	MAB - Malabar	Manaveda VI
countries	MAB - Malabar	Viraraya I
countries	MAB - Malabar	Manaveda I
countries	MAB - Malabar	Viraraya II
countries	MAB - Malabar	Manavikraman III
countries	MAB - Malabar	Viraraya IV
countries	MAB - Malabar	Manavikraman V
countries	MAB - Malabar	Viraraya III
countries	MAB - Malabar	Manavikraman Bharani Tirunal
countries	MAB - Malabar	Manaveda
countries	MAD - Madurai	Muttu Linga
countries	MAD - Madurai	Vira
countries	MAD - Madurai	Chokkanatha II
countries	MAD - Madurai	Mutu Krishnappa
countries	MAD - Madurai	Pandya
countries	MAD - Madurai	Muttu Virappa
countries	MAD - Madurai	Kumara Periaya Krishnappa
countries	MAD - Madurai	Muttu Virappa II
countries	MAD - Madurai	Vikrama
countries	MAD - Madurai	Lingayya Kumara
countries	MAD - Madurai	Chokkanatha I
countries	MAD - Madurai	Vira II
countries	MAD - Madurai	Vishvanatha
countries	MAD - Madurai	Parakrama II
countries	MAD - Madurai	Parakrama
countries	MAD - Madurai	Krishnappa Periaya
countries	MAD - Madurai	Tirumala
countries	MAD - Madurai	Nayaka
countries	MAD - Madurai	Minakshi
countries	MAD - Madurai	Muttu Varappa III
countries	MAD - Madurai	Muttu Virappa I
countries	MAE - Maeda	Harunaga
countries	MAE - Maeda	Shigemichi
countries	MAE - Maeda	Munetoki
countries	MAE - Maeda	Shigehiro
countries	MAE - Maeda	Shigenobu
countries	MAE - Maeda	Maeda
countries	MAE - Maeda	Narinaga
countries	MAE - Maeda	Yoshiyasu
countries	MAE - Maeda	Toshiie
countries	MAE - Maeda	Toshinaga
countries	MAE - Maeda	Tsunanori
countries	MAE - Maeda	Nariyasu
countries	MAE - Maeda	Toshitsune
countries	MAE - Maeda	Yoshinori
countries	MAE - Maeda	Mitsutaka
countries	MAG - Magdeburg	Christian Wilhelm I
countries	MAG - Magdeburg	Sigismund I
countries	MAG - Magdeburg	August I
countries	MAG - Magdeburg	Joachim Friedrich I
countries	MAG - Magdeburg	Johann I
countries	MAG - Magdeburg	Albrecht IV
countries	MAG - Magdeburg	Albrecht III
countries	MAG - Magdeburg	Friedrich III
countries	MAG - Magdeburg	Johann Albrecht I
countries	MAG - Magdeburg	Günther II
countries	MAG - Magdeburg	Ernst I
countries	MAH - Mahican	Native Council
countries	MAI - Mainz	Daniel Brendel I
countries	MAI - Mainz	Wolfgang I
countries	MAI - Mainz	Johann Philipp I
countries	MAI - Mainz	Adalbert III
countries	MAI - Mainz	Emmerich Josef I
countries	MAI - Mainz	Damian Hartrad I
countries	MAI - Mainz	Johann Adam I
countries	MAI - Mainz	Johann Schweikhard I
countries	MAI - Mainz	Philipp Karl I
countries	MAI - Mainz	Albrecht III
countries	MAI - Mainz	Georg Friedrich I
countries	MAI - Mainz	Berthold I
countries	MAI - Mainz	Lothar Franz I
countries	MAI - Mainz	Anselm Kasimir I
countries	MAI - Mainz	Dieter I
countries	MAI - Mainz	Lothar Friedrich I
countries	MAI - Mainz	Dietrich I
countries	MAI - Mainz	Adolf III
countries	MAI - Mainz	Johann Friedrich I
countries	MAI - Mainz	Jakob I
countries	MAI - Mainz	Karl Heinrich I
countries	MAI - Mainz	Sebastian I
countries	MAI - Mainz	Franz Ludwig I
countries	MAI - Mainz	Karl Theodor I
countries	MAI - Mainz	Johann II
countries	MAI - Mainz	Konrad III
countries	MAI - Mainz	Friedrich Karl I
countries	MAI - Mainz	Anselm Franz I
countries	MAI - Mainz	Uriel I
countries	MAJ - Majapahit	Kertawijaya
countries	MAJ - Majapahit	Suhita
countries	MAJ - Majapahit	Wikramawardhana
countries	MAJ - Majapahit	Girindrawardhana
countries	MAJ - Majapahit	Girishawardhana
countries	MAJ - Majapahit	Singhawikramawardhana
countries	MAJ - Majapahit	Rajasawardhana
countries	MAJ - Majapahit	Rajasanagara
countries	MAK - Makuria	Dotawo
countries	MAK - Makuria	Siti
countries	MAK - Makuria	Ioel
countries	MAL - Mali	Mamadu IV
countries	MAL - Mali	Mamadu
countries	MAL - Mali	Mamadu II
countries	MAL - Mali	Uli II
countries	MAL - Mali	Keita
countries	MAL - Mali	Mamadu III
countries	MAL - Mali	Musa III
countries	MAL - Mali	Mama Maghan I
countries	MAL - Mali	Musa
countries	MAL - Mali	Mahmud
countries	MAL - Mali	Uli
countries	MAM - Mameluks	Al Kansur
countries	MAM - Mameluks	Inâl
countries	MAM - Mameluks	Murad Bey
countries	MAM - Mameluks	Osman
countries	MAM - Mameluks	Muhammad II
countries	MAM - Mameluks	Shaikh al-Mahmudi
countries	MAM - Mameluks	Ibrahim Bey
countries	MAM - Mameluks	Tûmân Bay II
countries	MAM - Mameluks	Mehmed
countries	MAM - Mameluks	Muhammad
countries	MAM - Mameluks	Burji
countries	MAM - Mameluks	Muhammad IV
countries	MAM - Mameluks	Barsbai
countries	MAM - Mameluks	Qânsûh II
countries	MAM - Mameluks	al-Nasr Faraj
countries	MAM - Mameluks	Bardisi
countries	MAM - Mameluks	Beg
countries	MAM - Mameluks	Jaqmaq
countries	MAM - Mameluks	Qânsûh I
countries	MAM - Mameluks	Alî l-Kabîr
countries	MAM - Mameluks	Muhammad 'Alî
countries	MAM - Mameluks	Qâ'itbay
countries	MAM - Mameluks	Khûshqadam
countries	MAM - Mameluks	Mehmet Ali
countries	MAM - Mameluks	Jânbalat
countries	MAM - Mameluks	Murad
countries	MAN - Mantua	Francesco IV
countries	MAN - Mantua	Gonzago
countries	MAN - Mantua	Vincenzo II
countries	MAN - Mantua	Ferdinando Carlo
countries	MAN - Mantua	Federico I
countries	MAN - Mantua	Ludovico
countries	MAN - Mantua	Guglielmo
countries	MAN - Mantua	Vincenzo
countries	MAN - Mantua	Vincenzo I
countries	MAN - Mantua	Federico II
countries	MAN - Mantua	Federico
countries	MAN - Mantua	Francesco I
countries	MAN - Mantua	Carlo I
countries	MAN - Mantua	Gianfrancesco I
countries	MAN - Mantua	Francesco
countries	MAN - Mantua	Francesco II
countries	MAN - Mantua	Ferdinando
countries	MAN - Mantua	Lodovico III il Turco
countries	MAN - Mantua	Carlo
countries	MAN - Mantua	Ludovico III il Turco
countries	MAN - Mantua	Carlo II
countries	MAN - Mantua	Gianfrancesco
countries	MAN - Mantua	Francesco III
countries	MAN - Mantua	Gonzaga
countries	MAR - Marathas	Baji Raoi I
countries	MAR - Marathas	Balaji II Baji Rao
countries	MAR - Marathas	Sahuji
countries	MAR - Marathas	Madhu Rao I Balai
countries	MAR - Marathas	Shambaji
countries	MAR - Marathas	Ragunath Rao
countries	MAR - Marathas	Baji Rao I
countries	MAR - Marathas	Balaji I Vishvanath
countries	MAR - Marathas	Bhonsle
countries	MAR - Marathas	Madhu Rao
countries	MAR - Marathas	Madhu Rao II
countries	MAR - Marathas	Pratap Singh
countries	MAR - Marathas	Shivaji
countries	MAR - Marathas	Shivaji I
countries	MAR - Marathas	Narayan Rao
countries	MAR - Marathas	Bhat
countries	MAR - Marathas	Rajaram
countries	MAR - Marathas	Shivaji II
countries	MAR - Marathas	Sahuji I
countries	MAR - Marathas	Rajaram I
countries	MAR - Marathas	Baji Rao
countries	MAR - Marathas	Balaji
countries	MAS - Madyas	Kalantiaw
countries	MAS - Madyas	Kabnayag
countries	MAS - Madyas	Panay
countries	MAS - Madyas	Lubay
countries	MAS - Madyas	Batkcan
countries	MAS - Madyas	Manduyog
countries	MAS - Madyas	Irong-Irong
countries	MAS - Madyas	Kalibo
countries	MAS - Madyas	Padojinog
countries	MAW - Marwar	Ajit
countries	MAW - Marwar	Ranmal
countries	MAW - Marwar	Jaswant Singh I
countries	MAW - Marwar	Ranmalla
countries	MAW - Marwar	Ram Singh
countries	MAW - Marwar	Bhim Singh
countries	MAW - Marwar	Satal
countries	MAW - Marwar	Interregnum
countries	MAW - Marwar	Bhîm Singh
countries	MAW - Marwar	Rai Singh II
countries	MAW - Marwar	Man
countries	MAW - Marwar	Suraj Singh
countries	MAW - Marwar	Bakht
countries	MAW - Marwar	Jodha
countries	MAW - Marwar	Chandrasen
countries	MAW - Marwar	Udai Singh
countries	MAW - Marwar	Bakht Singh
countries	MAW - Marwar	Ganga
countries	MAW - Marwar	Abhai
countries	MAW - Marwar	Bhim
countries	MAW - Marwar	Jaswant
countries	MAW - Marwar	Suraj Mal
countries	MAW - Marwar	Bijay Singh
countries	MAW - Marwar	Suja
countries	MAW - Marwar	Gaj
countries	MAW - Marwar	Abhai Singh
countries	MAW - Marwar	Bijay
countries	MAW - Marwar	Sujaji
countries	MAW - Marwar	Gaj Singh
countries	MAW - Marwar	Ajit Singh
countries	MAW - Marwar	Maldev
countries	MAW - Marwar	Chhatar Singh
countries	MAW - Marwar	Kanha II
countries	MAW - Marwar	Man Singh
countries	MAW - Marwar	Rai
countries	MAW - Marwar	Rathore
countries	MAW - Marwar	Kanha
countries	MAW - Marwar	Ram
countries	MAW - Marwar	Chunda
countries	MAY - Maya	Xiu
countries	MAY - Maya	Ah
countries	MAY - Maya	Tutul
countries	MAY - Maya	Napot
countries	MAZ - Mazovia	Piast
countries	MAZ - Mazovia	Boleslaw
countries	MAZ - Mazovia	Stanislaw
countries	MAZ - Mazovia	Konrad III Rudy
countries	MAZ - Mazovia	Stanislaw I
countries	MAZ - Mazovia	Janusz
countries	MAZ - Mazovia	Boleslaw IV
countries	MAZ - Mazovia	Janusz I
countries	MAZ - Mazovia	Konrad Rudy
countries	MAZ - Mazovia	Janusz III
countries	MBA - Mombasa	Ahmad
countries	MBA - Mombasa	Mas'ûd
countries	MBA - Mombasa	'Abd Allâh II
countries	MBA - Mombasa	Shehe bin Misham
countries	MBA - Mombasa	'Abd Allâh
countries	MBA - Mombasa	Shehe
countries	MBA - Mombasa	'Alî
countries	MBA - Mombasa	Muhammad
countries	MBA - Mombasa	'Abd Allâh I
countries	MBA - Mombasa	Al-Mazrui
countries	MBA - Mombasa	Mvita
countries	MBA - Mombasa	Yusuf
countries	MBA - Mombasa	Misham
countries	MCA - Muisca	Sagipa
countries	MCA - Muisca	Meicuchuca
countries	MCA - Muisca	Bacatá
countries	MCA - Muisca	Saguamanchica
countries	MCA - Muisca	Nemequene
countries	MCA - Muisca	Hunza
countries	MCA - Muisca	Aquiminzaque
countries	MCA - Muisca	Tisquesusa
countries	MCH - Manchu	Aisin Gioro
countries	MCH - Manchu	Mengtemu
countries	MCH - Manchu	Sibeoci Fiyanggu
countries	MCH - Manchu	Nurhachi
countries	MCH - Manchu	Hooge
countries	MCH - Manchu	Fulin
countries	MCH - Manchu	Dorgon
countries	MCH - Manchu	Dudu Mengtemu
countries	MCH - Manchu	Tolo
countries	MCH - Manchu	Giocangga
countries	MCH - Manchu	Huang Taiji
countries	MCH - Manchu	Bukuri Yongson
countries	MCH - Manchu	Taksi
countries	MCH - Manchu	Fuman
countries	MCH - Manchu	Cungsan
countries	MCM - MacCarthy	Domhnall an Druiminin
countries	MCM - MacCarthy	MacCarthy
countries	MCM - MacCarthy	Domhnall an Dana
countries	MCM - MacCarthy	Tadgh Liath
countries	MCM - MacCarthy	Cormac Ladhrach
countries	MCM - MacCarthy	Domhnall
countries	MDA - Medina	Umyan bin Mani
countries	MDA - Medina	Zubayri bin Qays
countries	MDA - Medina	Dughaym bin Khasram
countries	MDA - Medina	Qusaytil bin Zhayr
countries	MDA - Medina	Husaynid
countries	MDA - Medina	Haydara bin Dawghan
countries	MDA - Medina	Faris bin Shaman
countries	MDA - Medina	Yunus bin Kabsh
countries	MDA - Medina	Daygham bin Khasram
countries	MDA - Medina	Sulayman bin Ghurayr
countries	MDA - Medina	Hassan bin Zubayri
countries	MDA - Medina	Zuhayr bin Sulayman
countries	MDA - Medina	Mani bin Ali
countries	MDI - Mogadishu	Muhammad II
countries	MDI - Mogadishu	Ahmad II
countries	MDI - Mogadishu	Uthman
countries	MDI - Mogadishu	Muzaffar
countries	MDI - Mogadishu	Muhammad I
countries	MDI - Mogadishu	Ahmad I
countries	MDI - Mogadishu	Mahmud
countries	MDI - Mogadishu	Ali
countries	MED - Medri Bahri	Yeshaq I
countries	MED - Medri Bahri	Bahrid
countries	MED - Medri Bahri	Menas I
countries	MED - Medri Bahri	Yeshaq II
countries	MEI - Meissen	von Wettin
countries	MEI - Meissen	Friedrich IV
countries	MEI - Meissen	Wilhelm I
countries	MEI - Meissen	Friedrich
countries	MEM - Memmingen	Patriziat
countries	MEN - Mentese	Mentesoglu
countries	MEN - Mentese	Ilyas I
countries	MER - Mewar	Kumbhakarna Singh
countries	MER - Mewar	Bhim Singh
countries	MER - Mewar	Kumbha
countries	MER - Mewar	Sangram Singh I
countries	MER - Mewar	Mokal Singh
countries	MER - Mewar	Sisodiya
countries	MER - Mewar	Jai Singh
countries	MER - Mewar	Suja Bai
countries	MER - Mewar	Ratan Singh I
countries	MER - Mewar	Kundan Kanwar
countries	MER - Mewar	Vikramaditya Singh
countries	MER - Mewar	Pratap
countries	MER - Mewar	Ari
countries	MER - Mewar	Jagat Singh I
countries	MER - Mewar	Pratap Singh II
countries	MER - Mewar	Bhim
countries	MER - Mewar	Ari Singh
countries	MER - Mewar	Amar
countries	MER - Mewar	Jagat
countries	MER - Mewar	Sangram Singh II
countries	MER - Mewar	Jagat Singh II
countries	MER - Mewar	Hammir
countries	MER - Mewar	Raimal
countries	MER - Mewar	Kanwarani Sobhag Kanwar
countries	MER - Mewar	Karan
countries	MER - Mewar	Jhala Maansinh
countries	MER - Mewar	Ganga Kunwar
countries	MER - Mewar	Mokal
countries	MER - Mewar	Vikramaditya
countries	MER - Mewar	Lakha Singh
countries	MER - Mewar	Lakhu Devi
countries	MER - Mewar	Amar Singh II
countries	MER - Mewar	Hammir Singh II
countries	MER - Mewar	Khumbal Devi
countries	MER - Mewar	Yadava Bhati
countries	MER - Mewar	Rawal Sabal
countries	MER - Mewar	Jhala
countries	MER - Mewar	Udai Singh I
countries	MER - Mewar	Raj Singh II
countries	MER - Mewar	Karan Singh
countries	MER - Mewar	Amar Singh I
countries	MER - Mewar	Udai
countries	MER - Mewar	Bhadoria
countries	MER - Mewar	Raj
countries	MER - Mewar	Sardar Kunwar
countries	MER - Mewar	Ratan
countries	MER - Mewar	Raj Singh I
countries	MER - Mewar	Chauhan
countries	MER - Mewar	Jai
countries	MER - Mewar	Ratan Kunwar
countries	MER - Mewar	Raimal Singh
countries	MER - Mewar	Hakim Khan Sur Pathan
countries	MER - Mewar	Indra Kanwar
countries	MER - Mewar	Rathore
countries	MER - Mewar	Udai Singh II
countries	MER - Mewar	Sangram
countries	MEW - Mewat	Badan Singh
countries	MEW - Mewat	Ram Singh
countries	MEW - Mewat	Jallu Khan
countries	MEW - Mewat	Naher
countries	MEW - Mewat	Keshri
countries	MEW - Mewat	Ranjit
countries	MEW - Mewat	Gokula
countries	MEW - Mewat	Jawahir Singh
countries	MEW - Mewat	Suraj Mal
countries	MEW - Mewat	Naher Khan
countries	MEW - Mewat	Churaman
countries	MEW - Mewat	Ahmad Khan
countries	MEW - Mewat	Balwant Singh
countries	MEW - Mewat	Pratap Singh
countries	MEW - Mewat	Churaman Singh
countries	MEW - Mewat	Jawahir
countries	MEW - Mewat	Binay Singh Prabhakar Bahadur
countries	MEW - Mewat	Ratan Singh
countries	MEW - Mewat	Sinsiniwar
countries	MEW - Mewat	Keshri Singh
countries	MEW - Mewat	Bakhtawar Singh
countries	MEW - Mewat	Mewati
countries	MEW - Mewat	Ratan
countries	MEW - Mewat	Ranjit Singh
countries	MEW - Mewat	Hasan Khan
countries	MEW - Mewat	Adil Khan
countries	MEW - Mewat	Kachwaha
countries	MEW - Mewat	Ram
countries	MEW - Mewat	Binay Singh
countries	MEW - Mewat	Badan
countries	MEX - Mexico	Vicente Guerrero
countries	MEX - Mexico	José María Morelos
countries	MEX - Mexico	Miguel Hidalgo
countries	MFA - Montferrat	Francesco IV
countries	MFA - Montferrat	Giovanni III
countries	MFA - Montferrat	Vincenzo II
countries	MFA - Montferrat	Ferdinando Carlo
countries	MFA - Montferrat	Guglielmo
countries	MFA - Montferrat	Vincenzo
countries	MFA - Montferrat	Margherita
countries	MFA - Montferrat	Vincenzo I
countries	MFA - Montferrat	Guglielmo IX
countries	MFA - Montferrat	Ottone III
countries	MFA - Montferrat	Giovanni IV
countries	MFA - Montferrat	Carlo I
countries	MFA - Montferrat	Francesco
countries	MFA - Montferrat	Palaiologos
countries	MFA - Montferrat	Bonifacio III
countries	MFA - Montferrat	Giovanni
countries	MFA - Montferrat	Bonifacio
countries	MFA - Montferrat	Ferdinando
countries	MFA - Montferrat	Giangiorgio
countries	MFA - Montferrat	Giovanni II
countries	MFA - Montferrat	Bonifacio IV
countries	MFA - Montferrat	Carlo
countries	MFA - Montferrat	Guglielmo VIII
countries	MFA - Montferrat	Carlo II
countries	MFA - Montferrat	Teodoro II
countries	MFA - Montferrat	Francesco III
countries	MFA - Montferrat	Teodoro
countries	MFA - Montferrat	Gian Giacomo
countries	MFA - Montferrat	Gonzaga
countries	MFL - Mikhlaf	Ahmad
countries	MFL - Mikhlaf	Hawdhan
countries	MFL - Mikhlaf	Khayratid
countries	MFL - Mikhlaf	Haydar
countries	MFL - Mikhlaf	Abu Muhammad
countries	MFL - Mikhlaf	Muhammad
countries	MFL - Mikhlaf	Hussayn
countries	MFY - Mahafaly	Tsileliki III
countries	MFY - Mahafaly	Andrianiveniarivo
countries	MFY - Mahafaly	Tsimanatona
countries	MFY - Mahafaly	Tsileliki
countries	MFY - Mahafaly	Manhelle
countries	MFY - Mahafaly	Dian
countries	MFY - Mahafaly	Tsileliki II
countries	MGD - Maguindanao	Barahaman
countries	MGD - Maguindanao	Maka-alang Saripada
countries	MGD - Maguindanao	Muhammad Dipatuan Kudarat
countries	MGD - Maguindanao	Muhammad Khair ud-Din
countries	MGD - Maguindanao	Maguindanao
countries	MGD - Maguindanao	Pahar ud-Din
countries	MGD - Maguindanao	Tabunaway
countries	MGD - Maguindanao	Dimasangcay Adel
countries	MGD - Maguindanao	Dundang Tidulay
countries	MGD - Maguindanao	Muhammad Tahir ud-Din
countries	MGD - Maguindanao	Bayan ul-Anwar
countries	MGD - Maguindanao	Kibad Sahriyal
countries	MGD - Maguindanao	Bangkaya
countries	MGD - Maguindanao	Qudratullah Untung
countries	MGD - Maguindanao	Laut Buisan
countries	MGD - Maguindanao	Kawasa Anwar ud-Din
countries	MGD - Maguindanao	Maraja
countries	MGD - Maguindanao	Mohammed Kabungsuwan
countries	MGD - Maguindanao	Kahar ud-Din Kuda
countries	MGD - Maguindanao	Gugu Sarikula
countries	MGR - Maregh	Husayn
countries	MGR - Maregh	Agga
countries	MGR - Maregh	MÃ¼keddem
countries	MGR - Maregh	Muhammed
countries	MGR - Maregh	Jafar
countries	MGR - Maregh	Ali
countries	MGR - Maregh	Abdalaziz
countries	MGR - Maregh	Ahmed
countries	MHR - Mahra	Ahmad
countries	MHR - Mahra	Tawara ibn al-Mahri
countries	MHR - Mahra	Said ibn Abdallah
countries	MHR - Mahra	Sad ibn Tawari
countries	MHR - Mahra	Amr
countries	MHR - Mahra	Isa
countries	MHR - Mahra	Banu Afrar
countries	MHR - Mahra	Abdallah
countries	MHR - Mahra	Afrar al Mahri
countries	MHR - Mahra	Tawari
countries	MHX - Haixi	Sirugeminggedo
countries	MHX - Haixi	Gintaisi
countries	MHX - Haixi	Jukungge
countries	MHX - Haixi	Yehe Nara
countries	MHX - Haixi	Yangginu
countries	MHX - Haixi	Narimbulu
countries	MHX - Haixi	Taicu
countries	MHX - Haixi	Cirugani
countries	MHX - Haixi	Singgen Darha
countries	MIK - Mikmaq	Native Council
countries	MIR - Merina	Andriamanelo
countries	MIR - Merina	Andrianjaka
countries	MIR - Merina	Andriantsimitoviaminandriandehibe
countries	MIR - Merina	Rafandrampohy
countries	MIR - Merina	Rafohy
countries	MIR - Merina	Ralambo
countries	MIR - Merina	Andriantsimitoviaminandriandrazaka
countries	MIR - Merina	Andriambelomasina
countries	MIR - Merina	Andrianampoinimerina
countries	MIR - Merina	Andrianampandrandrandava
countries	MIR - Merina	Andrianjafy
countries	MIR - Merina	Andrianmpandramanenitra
countries	MIR - Merina	Vazimba
countries	MIR - Merina	Andriamasinavalona
countries	MIR - Merina	Radama
countries	MIR - Merina	Merina
countries	MIR - Merina	Razakatsitakatrandriana
countries	MIR - Merina	Rangita
countries	MIR - Merina	Andrianmasinidohafandrana
countries	MIR - Merina	Andriantsitakatrandriana
countries	MIX - Mixtec	Atonal II
countries	MIX - Mixtec	Coixtlahuaca
countries	MJE - Majeereen	Yusuf II
countries	MJE - Majeereen	Mahmud II
countries	MJE - Majeereen	Mahmud IV
countries	MJE - Majeereen	Yusuf I
countries	MJE - Majeereen	Uthman I
countries	MJE - Majeereen	Mahmud III
countries	MJE - Majeereen	Mahmud I
countries	MJE - Majeereen	Uthman II
countries	MJE - Majeereen	Harti
countries	MJE - Majeereen	Yusuf III
countries	MJZ - Jianzhou	Aisin Gioro
countries	MJZ - Jianzhou	Mengtemu
countries	MJZ - Jianzhou	Sibeoci Fiyanggu
countries	MJZ - Jianzhou	Nurhachi
countries	MJZ - Jianzhou	Dudu Mengtemu
countries	MJZ - Jianzhou	Tolo
countries	MJZ - Jianzhou	Giocangga
countries	MJZ - Jianzhou	Huang Taiji
countries	MJZ - Jianzhou	Bukuri Yongson
countries	MJZ - Jianzhou	Taksi
countries	MJZ - Jianzhou	Fuman
countries	MJZ - Jianzhou	Cungsan
countries	MKL - Mecklenburg	Heinrich
countries	MKL - Mecklenburg	Christian Ludwig I
countries	MKL - Mecklenburg	Heinrich IV
countries	MKL - Mecklenburg	Johann Albrecht I
countries	MKL - Mecklenburg	von Waldstein
countries	MKL - Mecklenburg	Johann VII
countries	MKL - Mecklenburg	Johann IV
countries	MKL - Mecklenburg	Albert III
countries	MKL - Mecklenburg	Adolf Friedrich
countries	MKL - Mecklenburg	Albrecht Wenzel
countries	MKL - Mecklenburg	Christian Ludwig II
countries	MKL - Mecklenburg	Christian Ludwig
countries	MKL - Mecklenburg	Adolf Friedrich I
countries	MKL - Mecklenburg	Friedrich Wilhelm I
countries	MKL - Mecklenburg	Magnus
countries	MKL - Mecklenburg	Heinrich V
countries	MKL - Mecklenburg	Friedrich Franz I
countries	MKL - Mecklenburg	Friedrich Franz
countries	MKL - Mecklenburg	Friedrich der Fromme
countries	MKL - Mecklenburg	Karl Leopold
countries	MKL - Mecklenburg	Friedrich
countries	MKL - Mecklenburg	Johann Albrecht
countries	MKL - Mecklenburg	Johann
countries	MKL - Mecklenburg	von Mecklenburg
countries	MKL - Mecklenburg	Magnus II
countries	MKL - Mecklenburg	Paul Friedrich
countries	MKL - Mecklenburg	Friedrich Wilhelm
countries	MKS - Makassar	'Abd al-Khaliq
countries	MKS - Makassar	Tuni Djallo
countries	MKS - Makassar	Tuni Pasulu
countries	MKS - Makassar	Tuni Djallori
countries	MKS - Makassar	Tuni Butta
countries	MKS - Makassar	Tuni Palonga
countries	MKS - Makassar	Tunitangkalopi
countries	MKS - Makassar	Kalopid
countries	MKS - Makassar	Muhammad Sa'îd
countries	MKS - Makassar	Sankilang
countries	MKS - Makassar	'Abd al-Qudus
countries	MKS - Makassar	'Abd al-Khayr al-Mansûr
countries	MKS - Makassar	Amir Hamza
countries	MKS - Makassar	'Abd al-Jalîl
countries	MKS - Makassar	'Imâd ad-Dîn
countries	MKS - Makassar	Siraj ad-Dîn
countries	MKS - Makassar	Muhammad Alî
countries	MKS - Makassar	'Abd al-Hâdî
countries	MKS - Makassar	'Uthmân
countries	MKS - Makassar	Limbangparang
countries	MKS - Makassar	Tuni Parisi
countries	MKS - Makassar	Batara Gowa
countries	MKS - Makassar	Shihâb ad-Dîn Ismâ'îl
countries	MKS - Makassar	Zaynal-'Abidîn
countries	MKS - Makassar	Allâh ad-Dîn
countries	MKU - Makua	Maurusa II
countries	MKU - Makua	Chicoave
countries	MKU - Makua	Caromboe
countries	MKU - Makua	Gallo
countries	MKU - Makua	Chicanda
countries	MKU - Makua	Bano
countries	MKU - Makua	Makua
countries	MKU - Makua	Maurusa
countries	MKU - Makua	Wayao
countries	MLB - Manipur	Senbi Kiyamba
countries	MLB - Manipur	Ningthou Khama
countries	MLB - Manipur	Pamheiba
countries	MLB - Manipur	Charairongba
countries	MLB - Manipur	Koiremba
countries	MLB - Manipur	Khangemba
countries	MLB - Manipur	Paikhomba
countries	MLB - Manipur	Khunjaoba
countries	MLB - Manipur	Marjit
countries	MLB - Manipur	Ching-thang Khomba
countries	MLB - Manipur	Chourjit
countries	MLB - Manipur	Ningthouja
countries	MLB - Manipur	Madhuchandra
countries	MLB - Manipur	Bharat-sai
countries	MLB - Manipur	Ching-Khong
countries	MLB - Manipur	Senbi Khomba
countries	MLB - Manipur	Pengshiba
countries	MLB - Manipur	Nongyin Phaba
countries	MLB - Manipur	Labeinachandra
countries	MLB - Manipur	Chalamba
countries	MLB - Manipur	Tangjamba
countries	MLB - Manipur	Maramba
countries	MLB - Manipur	Chit-sai
countries	MLB - Manipur	Mungyamba
countries	MLC - Malacca	Muzaffar Shâh
countries	MLC - Malacca	Ri'âyat Shâh I
countries	MLC - Malacca	Megat Iskandar Shâh
countries	MLC - Malacca	Ibrahim
countries	MLC - Malacca	Sam Agi
countries	MLC - Malacca	Hang Jebat
countries	MLC - Malacca	Riâyat Shâh
countries	MLC - Malacca	Abu Syahid
countries	MLC - Malacca	Srivijaya
countries	MLC - Malacca	Mahmûd Shâh
countries	MLC - Malacca	Hang Nadim
countries	MLC - Malacca	Mansûr Shâh
countries	MLC - Malacca	Parameswara
countries	MLC - Malacca	Muhammad Shâh
countries	MLC - Malacca	Ri'âyat Shâh
countries	MLI - Malindi	Ahmad
countries	MLI - Malindi	Al-Malindi
countries	MLI - Malindi	Mahmud II
countries	MLI - Malindi	Muhammad VI
countries	MLI - Malindi	Muhammad V
countries	MLI - Malindi	Ahmad II
countries	MLI - Malindi	Ahmad III
countries	MLI - Malindi	Abu I
countries	MLI - Malindi	Ahmad IV
countries	MLI - Malindi	Muhammad VII
countries	MLI - Malindi	Mahmud III
countries	MLI - Malindi	Muhammad
countries	MLI - Malindi	Ahmad I
countries	MLI - Malindi	Mahmud I
countries	MLI - Malindi	Mahmud
countries	MLI - Malindi	Muhammad IV
countries	MLK - Karabakh	Hatir
countries	MLK - Karabakh	Veldjan III
countries	MLK - Karabakh	Ibrahim Khalil
countries	MLK - Karabakh	Baltasar
countries	MLK - Karabakh	Velidjan
countries	MLK - Karabakh	Moulki
countries	MLK - Karabakh	Javanshir
countries	MLK - Karabakh	Panah Ali
countries	MLK - Karabakh	Mehdigulu
countries	MLK - Karabakh	Hasan-Jalalyan
countries	MLK - Karabakh	Gregory
countries	MLK - Karabakh	Mehrab
countries	MLK - Karabakh	Albast
countries	MLK - Karabakh	Djalal IV
countries	MLK - Karabakh	Veldjan II
countries	MLO - Milan	Sforza
countries	MLO - Milan	Massimiliano Sforza
countries	MLO - Milan	Lascaris
countries	MLO - Milan	Giovanni Galeazzo
countries	MLO - Milan	Giovanni Maria I
countries	MLO - Milan	Ludovico
countries	MLO - Milan	Massimiliano I
countries	MLO - Milan	Maria
countries	MLO - Milan	Francesco I
countries	MLO - Milan	Malatesta
countries	MLO - Milan	Galeazzo Maria I
countries	MLO - Milan	Giovanni Galeazzo II
countries	MLO - Milan	Filippo Maria
countries	MLO - Milan	Giovanni Maria
countries	MLO - Milan	Filippo Maria I
countries	MLO - Milan	Marquis del Vasto
countries	MLO - Milan	Antonia
countries	MLO - Milan	Galeazzo Maria
countries	MLO - Milan	Francesco II Maria
countries	MLO - Milan	Visconti
countries	MLO - Milan	Beatrice
countries	MLO - Milan	Gian Galeazzo I
countries	MLO - Milan	Caterina
countries	MLO - Milan	Ludovico I il Moro
countries	MLO - Milan	di Savoia
countries	MLO - Milan	Republicca Transpadana
countries	MLO - Milan	Carmagnola
countries	MLO - Milan	Francesco Sforza
countries	MLO - Milan	Ludovico Sforza
countries	MLO - Milan	Massimiliano
countries	MLW - Malwa	Malhar Rao I
countries	MLW - Malwa	Mahmud Shah
countries	MLW - Malwa	Holkar
countries	MLW - Malwa	Mahmud I
countries	MLW - Malwa	Ghazni Khan
countries	MLW - Malwa	Ahalya Bai
countries	MLW - Malwa	Khalji
countries	MLW - Malwa	Qadir Shah
countries	MLW - Malwa	Salim Shah
countries	MLW - Malwa	Shaja'atid
countries	MLW - Malwa	Ghuri
countries	MLW - Malwa	Ghazni
countries	MLW - Malwa	Ghiyath Shah
countries	MLW - Malwa	Mali Rao
countries	MLW - Malwa	Qadirid
countries	MLW - Malwa	Alp Khan Hushang
countries	MLW - Malwa	Dilavar Khan Husain
countries	MLW - Malwa	Nasir Shah
countries	MLW - Malwa	Baz Bahadur
countries	MLW - Malwa	Mali
countries	MMI - Miami	Native Council
countries	MNA - Manila	Matanda
countries	MNA - Manila	Maynila
countries	MNA - Manila	Augustin de Legazpi
countries	MNA - Manila	Ache
countries	MNA - Manila	Sulayman
countries	MNA - Manila	Agustin Legazpi
countries	MNA - Manila	Ysmeria
countries	MNA - Manila	Salilla
countries	MNA - Manila	Soliman
countries	MNG - Ming	Zhu
countries	MNG - Ming	Youxiao
countries	MNG - Ming	Yuanzhang
countries	MNG - Ming	Yousong
countries	MNG - Ming	Zhanji
countries	MNG - Ming	Yunwen
countries	MNG - Ming	Yujian
countries	MNG - Ming	Chenggong
countries	MNG - Ming	Youcheng
countries	MNG - Ming	Houzhao
countries	MNG - Ming	Qizhen
countries	MNG - Ming	Yuan Chonghuan
countries	MNG - Ming	Qi Jiguang
countries	MNG - Ming	Changluo
countries	MNG - Ming	Chenggong Zheng
countries	MNG - Ming	Qiyu
countries	MNG - Ming	Di Zhu
countries	MNG - Ming	Zheng He
countries	MNG - Ming	Zheng
countries	MNG - Ming	Houcong
countries	MNG - Ming	Kehshuan
countries	MNG - Ming	Zaihou
countries	MNG - Ming	Jianjun
countries	MNG - Ming	Li Rusong
countries	MNG - Ming	Youlang
countries	MNG - Ming	Di
countries	MNG - Ming	Youjian
countries	MNG - Ming	Yijun
countries	MNG - Ming	Gaochi
countries	MNG - Ming	Jing
countries	MNS - Munster	Tadhg III
countries	MNS - Munster	Donnchad VIII
countries	MNS - Munster	Turlough V
countries	MNS - Munster	Muireadhach
countries	MNS - Munster	Mathghamhain Dall
countries	MNS - Munster	Turlough IV
countries	MNS - Munster	Turlough III
countries	MNS - Munster	Tadhg IV
countries	MNS - Munster	Conchobhar V
countries	MNS - Munster	O'Brien
countries	MNS - Munster	Conchobhar IV
countries	MNS - Munster	Turlough
countries	MNS - Munster	Conchobhar
countries	MNS - Munster	Tadhg
countries	MNS - Munster	Muireadhach II
countries	MNS - Munster	Turlough VI
countries	MNS - Munster	Conchobhar III
countries	MOD - Modena	Francesco IV
countries	MOD - Modena	von Habsburg
countries	MOD - Modena	Ercole III
countries	MOD - Modena	Francesco II
countries	MOD - Modena	Alfonso III
countries	MOD - Modena	Rinaldo
countries	MOD - Modena	Alfonso
countries	MOD - Modena	Alfonso IV
countries	MOD - Modena	d'Este
countries	MOD - Modena	Rinaldo III
countries	MOD - Modena	Ercole
countries	MOD - Modena	Repubblica Cispadana
countries	MOD - Modena	Francesco III
countries	MOD - Modena	Francesco
countries	MOD - Modena	Cesare
countries	MOD - Modena	Francesco I
countries	MOE - Morea	Theodoros
countries	MOE - Morea	Theodoros II
countries	MOE - Morea	Theodoros I
countries	MOE - Morea	Demetrios II
countries	MOE - Morea	Palaiologos
countries	MOL - Moldavia	Alexandru IX
countries	MOL - Moldavia	Ioan III cel Cumplit
countries	MOL - Moldavia	Movilesti
countries	MOL - Moldavia	Callamachi
countries	MOL - Moldavia	Vasile
countries	MOL - Moldavia	Mahai III
countries	MOL - Moldavia	Constantin VII
countries	MOL - Moldavia	Gheorge I Stefan
countries	MOL - Moldavia	Constantin V
countries	MOL - Moldavia	Roman II
countries	MOL - Moldavia	Duca
countries	MOL - Moldavia	Draculesti
countries	MOL - Moldavia	Eustratie
countries	MOL - Moldavia	Constantin IV
countries	MOL - Moldavia	Stefan III cel Mare
countries	MOL - Moldavia	Scarlat II
countries	MOL - Moldavia	Petru II
countries	MOL - Moldavia	Ieremia Movila
countries	MOL - Moldavia	Roman
countries	MOL - Moldavia	Ypsilanti
countries	MOL - Moldavia	Dabija
countries	MOL - Moldavia	Stefan II
countries	MOL - Moldavia	Alexandru XIII
countries	MOL - Moldavia	Alexandru I cel Bun
countries	MOL - Moldavia	Petru III
countries	MOL - Moldavia	Ilias II
countries	MOL - Moldavia	Ghica
countries	MOL - Moldavia	Petru III Aron
countries	MOL - Moldavia	Constantin VIII
countries	MOL - Moldavia	Stefan IX Tomsa
countries	MOL - Moldavia	Grigore I
countries	MOL - Moldavia	Ilias I
countries	MOL - Moldavia	Mahai IV Sutu
countries	MOL - Moldavia	Petru IV Rares
countries	MOL - Moldavia	Nicolae
countries	MOL - Moldavia	Constantin III Cantemir
countries	MOL - Moldavia	Musat
countries	MOL - Moldavia	Alexandru IV
countries	MOL - Moldavia	Soutzos
countries	MOL - Moldavia	Dimitrie
countries	MOL - Moldavia	Moruzi
countries	MOL - Moldavia	Mavrogordato
countries	MOL - Moldavia	Racovita
countries	MOL - Moldavia	Alexandru XII
countries	MOL - Moldavia	Gheorge III
countries	MOL - Moldavia	Grigore II
countries	MOL - Moldavia	Petru
countries	MOL - Moldavia	Petru V Schiopul
countries	MOL - Moldavia	Constantin VI
countries	MOL - Moldavia	Ceaur
countries	MOL - Moldavia	Ilias
countries	MOL - Moldavia	Alexandru VIII Coronul
countries	MOL - Moldavia	Cantomiresti
countries	MOL - Moldavia	Bogdan II
countries	MOL - Moldavia	Stefan VIII
countries	MOL - Moldavia	Lupu
countries	MOL - Moldavia	Mahai V
countries	MOL - Moldavia	Cantemiresti
countries	MOL - Moldavia	Iuga Koriatovici
countries	MOL - Moldavia	Bogdan III
countries	MOL - Moldavia	Alexandru X
countries	MOL - Moldavia	Alexandru XI
countries	MOL - Moldavia	Stefan X
countries	MOL - Moldavia	Grigore III
countries	MOL - Moldavia	Callimachi
countries	MOL - Moldavia	Constantin I Movila
countries	MOL - Moldavia	Bogdan
countries	MOL - Moldavia	Alexandru
countries	MON - Montenegro	Vasilije II
countries	MON - Montenegro	Visarion I
countries	MON - Montenegro	Venjamin
countries	MON - Montenegro	Stepan I
countries	MON - Montenegro	Balsha III
countries	MON - Montenegro	Djurad
countries	MON - Montenegro	Pahomije II
countries	MON - Montenegro	Crnojevic
countries	MON - Montenegro	German II
countries	MON - Montenegro	Djurad IV
countries	MON - Montenegro	Makrije
countries	MON - Montenegro	Danilo I
countries	MON - Montenegro	Djurad II
countries	MON - Montenegro	Nikodim
countries	MON - Montenegro	Gerasim
countries	MON - Montenegro	Mardarija I
countries	MON - Montenegro	Vavila
countries	MON - Montenegro	Rufim III
countries	MON - Montenegro	Sava I
countries	MON - Montenegro	Sava II
countries	MON - Montenegro	Stepan II
countries	MON - Montenegro	Petar I
countries	MON - Montenegro	Balsha
countries	MON - Montenegro	Pavle
countries	MON - Montenegro	Rufim I
countries	MON - Montenegro	Rufim II
countries	MON - Montenegro	Balsic
countries	MON - Montenegro	Jovan I
countries	MON - Montenegro	Jovan II
countries	MON - Montenegro	Mardarija II
countries	MON - Montenegro	Djuradj V
countries	MON - Montenegro	Djuradj IV
countries	MON - Montenegro	Lazarevic
countries	MON - Montenegro	Vasilije I
countries	MON - Montenegro	Nikanor
countries	MON - Montenegro	Visarion II
countries	MOR - Morocco	Abu Marawan
countries	MOR - Morocco	Zaydân
countries	MOR - Morocco	Abu Marwan
countries	MOR - Morocco	ar-Rashid
countries	MOR - Morocco	Abdalhaqq II
countries	MOR - Morocco	Saadi
countries	MOR - Morocco	al-Shabani
countries	MOR - Morocco	Muhammad II
countries	MOR - Morocco	Mohammed ibn Ali Amrani-Joutey
countries	MOR - Morocco	Idrisid
countries	MOR - Morocco	'Abd Allâh II
countries	MOR - Morocco	Sulaymân
countries	MOR - Morocco	al-Yazîd
countries	MOR - Morocco	Muhammad
countries	MOR - Morocco	Abu-Sa'id Uthman III
countries	MOR - Morocco	Ahmad
countries	MOR - Morocco	al-Yazid
countries	MOR - Morocco	Abd al-Karim ibn Abi-Bakr
countries	MOR - Morocco	Ahmad II
countries	MOR - Morocco	Jawdar Pasha
countries	MOR - Morocco	Abu Bakr ibn Abd al-Karim
countries	MOR - Morocco	Abdalhaqq
countries	MOR - Morocco	'Abd Allâh I
countries	MOR - Morocco	Marinid
countries	MOR - Morocco	Muhammad III
countries	MOR - Morocco	'Abd Allâh
countries	MOR - Morocco	Ismâ'îl
countries	MOR - Morocco	al-Walîd
countries	MOR - Morocco	Muhammad I
countries	MOR - Morocco	Alaouite
countries	MOR - Morocco	'Abd al-Malik
countries	MOS - Muscowy	Fedor Basenok
countries	MOS - Muscowy	Rurikovich
countries	MOS - Muscowy	Shenja
countries	MOS - Muscowy	Kholmski
countries	MOS - Muscowy	Vasiliy I
countries	MOS - Muscowy	Ivan Veliky
countries	MOS - Muscowy	Vasiliy Temny
countries	MOS - Muscowy	Dmitry Shemiaka
countries	MOS - Muscowy	Ivan Lyapun
countries	MOS - Muscowy	Repnin
countries	MOS - Muscowy	Ivan A. Chelyadnin
countries	MOS - Muscowy	Vasiliy II Temny
countries	MOS - Muscowy	Ivan III Veliky
countries	MOS - Muscowy	Vasiliy
countries	MOS - Muscowy	Ivan Obolenski-Striga
countries	MOS - Muscowy	Vasiliy III
countries	MOS - Muscowy	Maria
countries	MOS - Muscowy	Yuri Patrikeev
countries	MPC - Mapuche	Caupolicán II
countries	MPC - Mapuche	Caupolicán
countries	MPC - Mapuche	Native Council
countries	MPC - Mapuche	Huenecura
countries	MPC - Mapuche	Aillavilu
countries	MPC - Mapuche	Paillamachu
countries	MPC - Mapuche	Lautaro
countries	MRA - Maravi	Muzura II
countries	MRA - Maravi	Mwale
countries	MRA - Maravi	Mongas
countries	MRA - Maravi	Chunzo
countries	MRA - Maravi	Mcepera
countries	MRA - Maravi	Mcocoma
countries	MRA - Maravi	Phiri
countries	MRA - Maravi	Sosola
countries	MRA - Maravi	Kampini
countries	MRA - Maravi	Muzura I
countries	MRE - Marehan	Abdallah I
countries	MRE - Marehan	Darod
countries	MRI - Mori	Tsunahiro
countries	MRI - Mori	Toyomoto
countries	MRI - Mori	Munehiro
countries	MRI - Mori	Hirofusa
countries	MRI - Mori	Takamoto
countries	MRI - Mori	Yoshimoto
countries	MRI - Mori	Mitsufusa
countries	MRI - Mori	Yoshihiro
countries	MRI - Mori	Okimoto
countries	MRI - Mori	Haruchika
countries	MRI - Mori	Mori
countries	MRI - Mori	Narimoto
countries	MRI - Mori	Narifusa
countries	MRI - Mori	Narihiro
countries	MRI - Mori	Motoharu
countries	MRI - Mori	Yoshinari
countries	MRI - Mori	Komatsumaru
countries	MRI - Mori	Hidenari
countries	MRI - Mori	Takachika
countries	MRI - Mori	Hiromoto
countries	MRI - Mori	Terumoto
countries	MRI - Mori	Shigetaka
countries	MRI - Mori	Motonari
countries	MSI - Mossi	Dulugu I
countries	MSI - Mossi	Wubri I
countries	MSI - Mossi	Tenga Niama
countries	MSI - Mossi	Na'asira I
countries	MSI - Mossi	Komdao I
countries	MSI - Mossi	Nyingnemdo I
countries	MSI - Mossi	Saaga I
countries	MSI - Mossi	Kom I
countries	MSI - Mossi	Nasbiire I
countries	MSI - Mossi	Moogo
countries	MSI - Mossi	Sawadogo I
countries	MSI - Mossi	Zombre I
countries	MSI - Mossi	Kuba I
countries	MSI - Mossi	Kumdumye I
countries	MSI - Mossi	Warga I
countries	MSI - Mossi	Moatiba I
countries	MSY - Mushashaiyyah	Mawla Mansur
countries	MSY - Mushashaiyyah	Nasir
countries	MSY - Mushashaiyyah	Zanbur
countries	MSY - Mushashaiyyah	Faradj Allah ibn Ali Khan
countries	MSY - Mushashaiyyah	Muhammad ibn Falah
countries	MSY - Mushashaiyyah	Muttalib ibn Khalaf
countries	MSY - Mushashaiyyah	Sadjdjad
countries	MSY - Mushashaiyyah	Muttalib ibn Mansur
countries	MSY - Mushashaiyyah	Falah ibn Badran
countries	MSY - Mushashaiyyah	Mawla Muttalib
countries	MSY - Mushashaiyyah	Falah ibn Mushin
countries	MSY - Mushashaiyyah	Abdallah
countries	MSY - Mushashaiyyah	Mubarak ibn Muttalib
countries	MSY - Mushashaiyyah	Muhammad
countries	MSY - Mushashaiyyah	Allah Abdallah
countries	MSY - Mushashaiyyah	Muhammad ibn Mubarak
countries	MSY - Mushashaiyyah	Mushin
countries	MSY - Mushashaiyyah	Musha'sha'iya
countries	MSY - Mushashaiyyah	Ali
countries	MTR - Mataram	Pakubuwana II
countries	MTR - Mataram	Amangkurat III
countries	MTR - Mataram	 Raden Patah Senapati
countries	MTR - Mataram	Pakubuwana
countries	MTR - Mataram	Amangkurat IV
countries	MTR - Mataram	Pakubuwana I
countries	MTR - Mataram	Pakubuwana III
countries	MTR - Mataram	Amangkurat I
countries	MTR - Mataram	Raden Patah Senapati
countries	MTR - Mataram	Panembahan Krapyak
countries	MTR - Mataram	Aria Pangiri
countries	MTR - Mataram	Mataram
countries	MTR - Mataram	Majapahit
countries	MTR - Mataram	Rajasavardhana
countries	MTR - Mataram	Hyang Purvavisesa
countries	MTR - Mataram	Pengeran Sabrang Lar
countries	MTR - Mataram	Pengeran Sutan Tranganna
countries	MTR - Mataram	Pengeran Sultan Prawata
countries	MTR - Mataram	Pakubuwana IV
countries	MTR - Mataram	Amangkurat II
countries	MTR - Mataram	Bhre Pandan Solar
countries	MTR - Mataram	Panembahan Ingalasa
countries	MTR - Mataram	Matarama
countries	MTR - Mataram	Amangkurat
countries	MTR - Mataram	Pangeran Mas
countries	MTR - Mataram	Sultan Agung
countries	MUG - Mughal	Humâyûn
countries	MUG - Mughal	Dara Shukoh
countries	MUG - Mughal	Shâh Jahân III
countries	MUG - Mughal	Shâh Jehân
countries	MUG - Mughal	Akbar I
countries	MUG - Mughal	Muhammad Ibrahim
countries	MUG - Mughal	Ahmad Shâh
countries	MUG - Mughal	Rafi-ul Darjat
countries	MUG - Mughal	Chin Timur Khan
countries	MUG - Mughal	'Alamgir II
countries	MUG - Mughal	Farrukh Siyar
countries	MUG - Mughal	Bahâdur Shâh I
countries	MUG - Mughal	Ustad Ali Quli
countries	MUG - Mughal	Bahadur Shah II
countries	MUG - Mughal	Aurangzîb Alamgir
countries	MUG - Mughal	Salim
countries	MUG - Mughal	Muhammad
countries	MUG - Mughal	Akbar II
countries	MUG - Mughal	Ahmad
countries	MUG - Mughal	Akbar
countries	MUG - Mughal	Rafi ud-Daulah
countries	MUG - Mughal	Jahân
countries	MUG - Mughal	'Alam
countries	MUG - Mughal	Raja Sanghar Ali Khan
countries	MUG - Mughal	Abu Zafar
countries	MUG - Mughal	Aurangzîb Alamgir Timurid
countries	MUG - Mughal	Khurram
countries	MUG - Mughal	Timurid
countries	MUG - Mughal	Muhammad Shâh
countries	MUG - Mughal	Bâbur
countries	MUG - Mughal	Mu'azzam
countries	MUG - Mughal	Yakut Khan
countries	MUG - Mughal	Mustafa Rumi
countries	MUG - Mughal	'Alamgir
countries	MUG - Mughal	Jalal-ud-din
countries	MUG - Mughal	Jahandar
countries	MUG - Mughal	Shâh 'Alam II
countries	MUG - Mughal	Jahandar Shah
countries	MUG - Mughal	Jahângîr
countries	MUL - Multan	Hussain II
countries	MUL - Multan	Firuz
countries	MUL - Multan	Firuzshah
countries	MUL - Multan	Hussain I
countries	MUL - Multan	Mirrani
countries	MUL - Multan	Hussain
countries	MUL - Multan	Qutbudin
countries	MUL - Multan	Ghazi Khan Mirrani
countries	MUL - Multan	Mahmud
countries	MUL - Multan	Langa
countries	MUN - Munster	Wilhelm I
countries	MUN - Munster	Johann Wilhelm
countries	MUN - Munster	Johann I
countries	MUN - Munster	Ernst I
countries	MUN - Munster	Friedrich Christian
countries	MUN - Munster	Friedrich II
countries	MUN - Munster	Ferdinand I
countries	MUN - Munster	Otto IV
countries	MUN - Munster	Cristoph Bernhard
countries	MUN - Munster	Heinrich II
countries	MUN - Munster	Konrad I
countries	MUN - Munster	Maximilian Friedrich
countries	MUN - Munster	Franz I
countries	MUN - Munster	Erich I
countries	MUN - Munster	Bernhard I
countries	MUN - Munster	Walram I
countries	MUN - Munster	Franz Arnold Wolff
countries	MUN - Munster	Heinrich III
countries	MUN - Munster	Maximilian Heinrich
countries	MUN - Munster	Johann II
countries	MUN - Munster	Ferdinand II
countries	MUN - Munster	Klemens August
countries	MUN - Munster	Maximilian Franz
countries	MYA - MongYang	Sao Hung Pha
countries	MYA - MongYang	Mong Kawng
countries	MYA - MongYang	Sao Ngan Pha
countries	MYA - MongYang	Sao Pu Pha
countries	MYA - MongYang	Sawlon II
countries	MYA - MongYang	Mong Yang
countries	MYA - MongYang	Sawlon
countries	MYA - MongYang	Sao Hsi Pha
countries	MYR - Yeren	Buyangan
countries	MYR - Yeren	Ula
countries	MYR - Yeren	Buyan
countries	MYR - Yeren	Mantai
countries	MYR - Yeren	Bujantai
countries	MYS - Mysore	Krishna Râja II
countries	MYS - Mysore	Timma
countries	MYS - Mysore	Tippoo Sahib
countries	MYS - Mysore	Ummatur
countries	MYS - Mysore	Chikka Deva Râja
countries	MYS - Mysore	Krishna Râja I
countries	MYS - Mysore	Bettada Deva Râja
countries	MYS - Mysore	Fatehi
countries	MYS - Mysore	Ganga Raja
countries	MYS - Mysore	Kempa Deva
countries	MYS - Mysore	Châma Râja II
countries	MYS - Mysore	Châma
countries	MYS - Mysore	Timma Râja II
countries	MYS - Mysore	Châma Râja IV
countries	MYS - Mysore	Kanthirava Narasa
countries	MYS - Mysore	Chikka Deva
countries	MYS - Mysore	Châma Râja III
countries	MYS - Mysore	Kanthirava Narasa Râja I
countries	MYS - Mysore	Krishna
countries	MYS - Mysore	Châma Râja V
countries	MYS - Mysore	Kempa Deva Râja
countries	MYS - Mysore	Tîpû Sâhib
countries	MYS - Mysore	Bettada Deva Râja 
countries	MYS - Mysore	Wodeyar
countries	MYS - Mysore	Châma Râja VI
countries	MYS - Mysore	Kanthirava Narasa Râja II
countries	MYS - Mysore	Haydar 'Alî
countries	MYS - Mysore	Imadi Râja
countries	MYS - Mysore	Krishna Râja III
countries	MYS - Mysore	Imadi
countries	MYS - Mysore	Wadaiyâr
countries	MYS - Mysore	Râja Wadaiyâr
countries	MYS - Mysore	Bettada Deva
countries	MZB - Mzab	Abd al-Aziz
countries	MZB - Mzab	Bahayou
countries	MZB - Mzab	Bakir
countries	MZB - Mzab	Dahman
countries	MZB - Mzab	Hassan
countries	MZB - Mzab	Abu Zakariya
countries	NAG - Nagpur	Chand Sultan
countries	NAG - Nagpur	Mudhoji II
countries	NAG - Nagpur	Raghoji
countries	NAG - Nagpur	Deogadhi
countries	NAG - Nagpur	Raghuji I
countries	NAG - Nagpur	Wali
countries	NAG - Nagpur	Raghuji
countries	NAG - Nagpur	Raghoji III
countries	NAG - Nagpur	Mudhoji
countries	NAG - Nagpur	Janoji
countries	NAG - Nagpur	Sabaji
countries	NAG - Nagpur	Wali Shah
countries	NAG - Nagpur	Raghuji II
countries	NAG - Nagpur	Bhonsle
countries	NAH - Navajo	Native Council
countries	NAJ - Najd	Abdullah
countries	NAJ - Najd	Idris
countries	NAJ - Najd	Saud
countries	NAJ - Najd	Watban
countries	NAJ - Najd	Ibrahim
countries	NAJ - Najd	Rabi'a
countries	NAJ - Najd	'Abd al-'Aziz
countries	NAJ - Najd	Markhan II
countries	NAJ - Najd	Saud II
countries	NAJ - Najd	Markhan
countries	NAJ - Najd	'Abd al-'Aziz I
countries	NAJ - Najd	Rabi'a I
countries	NAJ - Najd	Muhammad II
countries	NAJ - Najd	Ibrahim II
countries	NAJ - Najd	Musa I
countries	NAJ - Najd	Abdullah I
countries	NAJ - Najd	Ibrahim I
countries	NAJ - Najd	Muhammad
countries	NAJ - Najd	'Abd Allah
countries	NAJ - Najd	Sa'ud
countries	NAJ - Najd	Nasir
countries	NAJ - Najd	Sa'ud I
countries	NAJ - Najd	Nasir I
countries	NAJ - Najd	Mani
countries	NAJ - Najd	Musa
countries	NAJ - Najd	Markhan I
countries	NAJ - Najd	Sultan
countries	NAJ - Najd	Markhan III
countries	NAJ - Najd	Rabi'a II
countries	NAJ - Najd	Zayid
countries	NAJ - Najd	Muhammad I
countries	NAP - Naples	Giovanna
countries	NAP - Naples	Ladislao I
countries	NAP - Naples	Alfonso
countries	NAP - Naples	Vittorio Amedeo II
countries	NAP - Naples	de Bourbon
countries	NAP - Naples	Ferdinand I
countries	NAP - Naples	Vittorio Amedeo I
countries	NAP - Naples	Giovanna II
countries	NAP - Naples	Alfonso II
countries	NAP - Naples	Ferrante
countries	NAP - Naples	Gioacchino I Murat
countries	NAP - Naples	Ferdinando II
countries	NAP - Naples	Ferdinand
countries	NAP - Naples	de Trastámara
countries	NAP - Naples	Durazzo
countries	NAP - Naples	di Savoia
countries	NAP - Naples	Renato
countries	NAP - Naples	Federigo IV
countries	NAP - Naples	Federigo
countries	NAP - Naples	Renato I
countries	NAP - Naples	Ladislao
countries	NAP - Naples	de Valois
countries	NAP - Naples	Louis II
countries	NAP - Naples	Giuseppe I
countries	NAP - Naples	Ferrante IV
countries	NAP - Naples	Carlo VII
countries	NAP - Naples	Bonaparte
countries	NAV - Navarra	Catalina I
countries	NAV - Navarra	de Foix
countries	NAV - Navarra	Enrique II
countries	NAV - Navarra	de Évreux
countries	NAV - Navarra	Francisco I Febo
countries	NAV - Navarra	Catalina
countries	NAV - Navarra	Juan II
countries	NAV - Navarra	d'Albret
countries	NAV - Navarra	Leonor I
countries	NAV - Navarra	Carlos III
countries	NAV - Navarra	Louis I de Condé
countries	NAV - Navarra	Francisco
countries	NAV - Navarra	Enrique
countries	NAV - Navarra	Juana
countries	NAV - Navarra	Juana III
countries	NAV - Navarra	de Trastámara
countries	NAV - Navarra	de Bourbon
countries	NAV - Navarra	Enrique III
countries	NAX - Naxos	Crispo
countries	NAX - Naxos	Giovanni
countries	NAX - Naxos	Giovanni III
countries	NAX - Naxos	Giacomo
countries	NAX - Naxos	Francesco II
countries	NAX - Naxos	Giacomo III
countries	NAX - Naxos	Giuseppe
countries	NAX - Naxos	Giovanni IV
countries	NAX - Naxos	Francesco
countries	NAX - Naxos	Giovanni II
countries	NAX - Naxos	Francesco III
countries	NAX - Naxos	Gian Giacomo
countries	NAX - Naxos	Guglielmo
countries	NAX - Naxos	Giacomo I
countries	NAX - Naxos	Nasi
countries	NAX - Naxos	Giacomo IV
countries	NAX - Naxos	Giacomo II
countries	NAX - Naxos	Guglielmo II
countries	NDO - Ndongo	Kiluanji Inene
countries	NDO - Ndongo	Veronica
countries	NDO - Ndongo	Ana
countries	NDO - Ndongo	Joao
countries	NDO - Ndongo	Kilombo kia Kasenda
countries	NDO - Ndongo	Mbandi Kiluanji
countries	NDO - Ndongo	Ndambi a
countries	NDO - Ndongo	Nzinga Mbandi
countries	NDO - Ndongo	a-Nzinga
countries	NDO - Ndongo	Njinga Mona
countries	NDO - Ndongo	Barbara
countries	NDO - Ndongo	Francisco
countries	NDO - Ndongo	Afonso
countries	NDO - Ndongo	Guterres
countries	NDO - Ndongo	Ngola
countries	NDO - Ndongo	Kiluanji Kia Ndambi
countries	NED - Netherlands	Schimmelpenninck
countries	NED - Netherlands	Olivier van Noort
countries	NED - Netherlands	Staten Generaal
countries	NED - Netherlands	Arnold Joost van Keppel
countries	NED - Netherlands	Lodewijk E. van Brunswijk
countries	NED - Netherlands	van Oranje
countries	NED - Netherlands	Willem L. van Nassau
countries	NED - Netherlands	Cornelis Evertsen de Oude
countries	NED - Netherlands	Aert Jansse van Nes
countries	NED - Netherlands	Willem Corneliszoon Schouten
countries	NED - Netherlands	Jacob van Wassenaer Obdam
countries	NED - Netherlands	Joos de Moor
countries	NED - Netherlands	Rutger Jan
countries	NED - Netherlands	Bonaparte
countries	NED - Netherlands	Witte de With
countries	NED - Netherlands	Willem van Oranje
countries	NED - Netherlands	Isaac Sweers
countries	NED - Netherlands	Cornelis de Houtman
countries	NED - Netherlands	Willem Janszoon
countries	NED - Netherlands	Paulus Wirtz
countries	NED - Netherlands	Jan van Galen
countries	NED - Netherlands	Gerard Callenburgh
countries	NED - Netherlands	Frederik-Hendrik van Oranje
countries	NED - Netherlands	Egbert B. Kortenaer
countries	NED - Netherlands	Abel Tasman
countries	NED - Netherlands	Jan Corneliszoon May
countries	NED - Netherlands	J.W. Friso van Nassau
countries	NED - Netherlands	Bataafse Republiek
countries	NED - Netherlands	Lodewijk II
countries	NED - Netherlands	Staten-Generaal
countries	NED - Netherlands	Hendrik Brouwer
countries	NED - Netherlands	H. van Nassau-Ouwerkerk
countries	NED - Netherlands	Abraham Crijnssen
countries	NED - Netherlands	Joris van Spilbergen
countries	NED - Netherlands	Jacob Roggeveen
countries	NED - Netherlands	Willem Barentsz
countries	NED - Netherlands	Willem II van Oranje
countries	NED - Netherlands	Simon van der Stel
countries	NED - Netherlands	Cornelis Reijersen
countries	NED - Netherlands	W. van Nassau-Usingen
countries	NED - Netherlands	Maurits van Nassau
countries	NED - Netherlands	Jan Willem de Winter
countries	NED - Netherlands	Maarten Harpertsz. Tromp
countries	NED - Netherlands	Michiel de Ruyter
countries	NED - Netherlands	Lodewijk van Nassau
countries	NED - Netherlands	Lodewijk I
countries	NED - Netherlands	Cornelis Tromp
countries	NED - Netherlands	W. Bloys van Treslong
countries	NED - Netherlands	Jan van Brakel
countries	NED - Netherlands	David Hendrik Chassé
countries	NED - Netherlands	C. van Nassau-Woudenberg
countries	NED - Netherlands	Willem I
countries	NED - Netherlands	Fredrik de Houtman
countries	NED - Netherlands	Jan Pieterszoon Coen
countries	NED - Netherlands	Justinus van Nassau
countries	NED - Netherlands	Willem III van Oranje
countries	NED - Netherlands	Johannes van Walbeeck
countries	NED - Netherlands	J. M. van Nassau-Siegen
countries	NED - Netherlands	C. Evertsen de Jonge
countries	NED - Netherlands	Geleyn Evertsen
countries	NED - Netherlands	Johan Zoutman
countries	NED - Netherlands	Willem V
countries	NED - Netherlands	Willem II
countries	NED - Netherlands	Willem IV
countries	NED - Netherlands	H. W. Daendels
countries	NED - Netherlands	Piet Heyn
countries	NED - Netherlands	Pieter Both
countries	NED - Netherlands	Willem Joseph van Ghent
countries	NED - Netherlands	Maurits I
countries	NED - Netherlands	Willem III
countries	NED - Netherlands	Johan Evertzen
countries	NED - Netherlands	Jacob van Heemskerck
countries	NED - Netherlands	van Nassau
countries	NED - Netherlands	Frederik Hendrik I
countries	NEV - Nevers	Jean II
countries	NEV - Nevers	Engilbert I
countries	NEV - Nevers	de Clèves
countries	NEV - Nevers	Charles
countries	NEV - Nevers	de Bourgogne
countries	NEV - Nevers	Jean
countries	NEV - Nevers	François I
countries	NEV - Nevers	Jean I
countries	NEV - Nevers	Engilbert
countries	NEV - Nevers	Charles I
countries	NEV - Nevers	François
countries	NEV - Nevers	Philippe II
countries	NEV - Nevers	Charles II
countries	NEV - Nevers	Philippe
countries	NGA - Nagaur	Shams Khan
countries	NGA - Nagaur	Qiyam
countries	NGA - Nagaur	Dandani
countries	NGA - Nagaur	Muhammad Khan
countries	NGA - Nagaur	Muhammad
countries	NGA - Nagaur	Firuz Khan
countries	NGA - Nagaur	Shams
countries	NGA - Nagaur	Qiyam Khan
countries	NGP - Jharkhand	Raksel
countries	NGP - Jharkhand	Maharato II
countries	NGP - Jharkhand	Jaswant Singh
countries	NGP - Jharkhand	Medini Raj
countries	NGP - Jharkhand	Madhu Singh
countries	NGP - Jharkhand	Nagavamsi
countries	NGP - Jharkhand	Ajit Singh
countries	NGP - Jharkhand	Maharato
countries	NGP - Jharkhand	Balbhadra Singh
countries	NGP - Jharkhand	Durjan Sal
countries	NGP - Jharkhand	Amar Singh
countries	NGP - Jharkhand	Pratap Raj
countries	NGP - Jharkhand	Singram Singh
countries	NGP - Jharkhand	Baiha Dadu Singh
countries	NGP - Jharkhand	Narendra Rudra Singh
countries	NGP - Jharkhand	Anant Raj
countries	NGP - Jharkhand	Sheo Singh
countries	NGP - Jharkhand	Bahadur Singh
countries	NJR - Najran	Banu Yam
countries	NJR - Najran	Ahmad
countries	NJR - Najran	al-Makram
countries	NJR - Najran	Hassan ibn Hibat Allah
countries	NJR - Najran	Sulayman
countries	NJR - Najran	Muhammad
countries	NJR - Najran	Ibrahim ibn Muhammad
countries	NJR - Najran	Abdallah ibn Ali
countries	NJR - Najran	Hibat Allah ibn Ibrahim
countries	NKO - Nkore	Rushango
countries	NKO - Nkore	Kayungu
countries	NKO - Nkore	Ntare III
countries	NKO - Nkore	Rumongye
countries	NKO - Nkore	Ntare IV
countries	NKO - Nkore	Nkuba
countries	NKO - Nkore	Macwa
countries	NKO - Nkore	Kahaya I
countries	NKO - Nkore	Mirindi
countries	NKO - Nkore	Rwabirere
countries	NKO - Nkore	Ruhinda
countries	NKO - Nkore	Ntare II
countries	NKO - Nkore	Rwebishengye
countries	NKO - Nkore	Nyaika
countries	NKO - Nkore	Ntare I
countries	NKO - Nkore	Kasasira
countries	NKO - Nkore	Hinda
countries	NKO - Nkore	Kitra
countries	NOG - Nogai	Hasan
countries	NOG - Nogai	Sayid Ahmad
countries	NOG - Nogai	Ishterek
countries	NOG - Nogai	Kanay
countries	NOG - Nogai	Ghazi
countries	NOG - Nogai	Shaykh Muhammad
countries	NOG - Nogai	Khorezmi
countries	NOG - Nogai	Abbas
countries	NOG - Nogai	Edigu
countries	NOG - Nogai	Alchagir
countries	NOG - Nogai	Ismail
countries	NOG - Nogai	Vakkas
countries	NOG - Nogai	Urus
countries	NOG - Nogai	Musa
countries	NOG - Nogai	Shaykh Mamay
countries	NOG - Nogai	Din Muhammad
countries	NOG - Nogai	Yusuf
countries	NOG - Nogai	Mansur
countries	NOG - Nogai	Din Ahmad
countries	NOG - Nogai	Yamghurchi
countries	NOG - Nogai	Uraz Muhammad
countries	NOG - Nogai	Edigüid
countries	NOG - Nogai	Batir
countries	NOR - Norway	Christian Frederik
countries	NOR - Norway	Olav Galle
countries	NOR - Norway	Amund Bolt
countries	NOR - Norway	von Oldenburg
countries	NOR - Norway	Engelbriktsson
countries	NOV - Novgorod	Evfimy II
countries	NOV - Novgorod	Iona
countries	NOV - Novgorod	Feofil
countries	NPL - Nepal	Mahnedra
countries	NPL - Nepal	Narendra
countries	NPL - Nepal	Jayayaksha
countries	NPL - Nepal	Jayajyoti
countries	NPL - Nepal	Surya
countries	NPL - Nepal	Girvan Yuddha Bikram
countries	NPL - Nepal	Suryam
countries	NPL - Nepal	Jayajyotimalla
countries	NPL - Nepal	Sadashiva
countries	NPL - Nepal	Jayaprasaka
countries	NPL - Nepal	Rana Bahadur
countries	NPL - Nepal	Pratapa
countries	NPL - Nepal	Malla
countries	NPL - Nepal	Prithvi Narayana
countries	NPL - Nepal	Jayanripendra
countries	NPL - Nepal	Rajendra Bikram
countries	NPL - Nepal	Laksminarasimha
countries	NPL - Nepal	Jagajjaya
countries	NPL - Nepal	Mahendrasimha
countries	NPL - Nepal	Shivasimha
countries	NPL - Nepal	Pratapa Simha
countries	NPL - Nepal	Amara
countries	NPL - Nepal	Bhaskara
countries	NPL - Nepal	Parthivendra
countries	NPL - Nepal	Shah
countries	NPL - Nepal	Mahendra
countries	NPL - Nepal	Ratna
countries	NPL - Nepal	Bhupendra
countries	NRM - Normandy	de Valois
countries	NRM - Normandy	Charles I
countries	NSA - Nassau	Ludwig
countries	NSA - Nassau	Philipp
countries	NSA - Nassau	Johann Ernst
countries	NSA - Nassau	Wilhelm Ludwig
countries	NSA - Nassau	von Nassau
countries	NSA - Nassau	Ludwig I
countries	NSA - Nassau	Friedrich
countries	NSA - Nassau	Karl August
countries	NSA - Nassau	Philipp II
countries	NSA - Nassau	Philipp III
countries	NSA - Nassau	Karl Christian
countries	NSA - Nassau	Wilhelm
countries	NSA - Nassau	Ludwig II
countries	NSA - Nassau	Philipp IV
countries	NSA - Nassau	Albert
countries	NSA - Nassau	Friedrich Wilhelm
countries	NSA - Nassau	Ernst Casimir
countries	NUB - Funj	Nûl
countries	NUB - Funj	'Abd al-Qâdir II
countries	NUB - Funj	Adlan
countries	NUB - Funj	'Abd al-Qâdir I
countries	NUB - Funj	Bâdî II
countries	NUB - Funj	Bâdî VI
countries	NUB - Funj	Unsa II
countries	NUB - Funj	Taiyîb
countries	NUB - Funj	Rubât I
countries	NUB - Funj	Nuwar
countries	NUB - Funj	'Amâra I Dûnqas
countries	NUB - Funj	Nâsir
countries	NUB - Funj	Rubât
countries	NUB - Funj	Dakîn al-'Adil
countries	NUB - Funj	Nâ'l
countries	NUB - Funj	Bâdî IV
countries	NUB - Funj	Ranfi
countries	NUB - Funj	Bâdî
countries	NUB - Funj	Agban
countries	NUB - Funj	Unsa
countries	NUB - Funj	Bâdî I
countries	NUB - Funj	Adlân
countries	NUB - Funj	Bâdî VII
countries	NUB - Funj	Senar
countries	NUB - Funj	'Amâra II
countries	NUB - Funj	Taiyîb I
countries	NUB - Funj	Bâdî V
countries	NUB - Funj	Unsa I
countries	NUB - Funj	Dûra
countries	NUB - Funj	'Amâra
countries	NUB - Funj	Taiyîb II
countries	NUB - Funj	Adlan I
countries	NUB - Funj	Ismâ'îl
countries	NUB - Funj	'Abd al-Qâdir
countries	NUB - Funj	Unsa III
countries	NUB - Funj	Bâdî III
countries	NUM - Nuremberg	Patriziat
countries	NUP - nupe	Ilyasu
countries	NUP - nupe	Jimada
countries	NUP - nupe	Abu Bakr Kolo
countries	NUP - nupe	Ma'azui
countries	NUP - nupe	Alyu
countries	NUP - nupe	Ma'azu
countries	NUP - nupe	Ibrashima
countries	NUP - nupe	Abd Alahi 'Tsado
countries	NUP - nupe	Mamma
countries	NUP - nupe	Edegi
countries	NUP - nupe	Tsoede
countries	NUP - nupe	Jibirin
countries	NUP - nupe	Abdu Waliyi
countries	NUP - nupe	Etsu Nupe
countries	NUP - nupe	Ganamace
countries	NZH - Nizhny Novgorod	Dmitry I
countries	NZH - Nizhny Novgorod	Rurikovich
countries	ODA - Oda	Tatsukatsu
countries	ODA - Oda	Nobutada
countries	ODA - Oda	Hidetsugu
countries	ODA - Oda	Oda
countries	ODA - Oda	Hisanaga
countries	ODA - Oda	Nobusada
countries	ODA - Oda	Toshisada
countries	ODA - Oda	Hideyoshi
countries	ODA - Oda	Tosada
countries	ODA - Oda	Nobunaga
countries	ODA - Oda	Toyotomi
countries	ODA - Oda	Hideyori
countries	ODA - Oda	Tatsusada
countries	ODA - Oda	Nobuhide
countries	ODA - Oda	Tomura
countries	ODH - Oudh	Wazir 'Ali
countries	ODH - Oudh	Sa'adat 'Ali
countries	ODH - Oudh	Sa'adat 'Ali Khan II
countries	ODH - Oudh	Muhammad Sa'adat Khan
countries	ODH - Oudh	Muhammad Yahiya
countries	ODH - Oudh	Wazir 'Ali Khan
countries	ODH - Oudh	Awadhi
countries	ODH - Oudh	Muhammad Safdar Jang
countries	ODH - Oudh	Muhammad Muqim
countries	ODH - Oudh	Sa'adat 'Ali Khan
countries	ODH - Oudh	Asaf ad-Daula
countries	ODH - Oudh	Ghazi ud-Din Haidar
countries	ODH - Oudh	Jalal-ud-din Haider Abul Mansur
countries	ODH - Oudh	Shujah ad-Daula
countries	OGS - Ogasawara	Mochinaga
countries	OGS - Ogasawara	Sadatomo
countries	OGS - Ogasawara	Nagamune
countries	OGS - Ogasawara	Sadayoshi
countries	OGS - Ogasawara	Ogasawara
countries	OGS - Ogasawara	Nagatomo
countries	OGS - Ogasawara	Nagatoki
countries	OGS - Ogasawara	Kiyomune
countries	OIR - OiratHorde	Batula
countries	OIR - OiratHorde	Arkhan
countries	OIR - OiratHorde	Ismayil
countries	OIR - OiratHorde	Erdeni Batur
countries	OIR - OiratHorde	Amasanj
countries	OIR - OiratHorde	Lama Darja
countries	OIR - OiratHorde	Tsewang Rabdan
countries	OIR - OiratHorde	Dawaji
countries	OIR - OiratHorde	Güshi Khan
countries	OIR - OiratHorde	Sengge
countries	OIR - OiratHorde	Esen
countries	OIR - OiratHorde	Toghan
countries	OIR - OiratHorde	Amursana
countries	OIR - OiratHorde	Khara Khula
countries	OIR - OiratHorde	Galdan Tseren
countries	OIR - OiratHorde	Choros
countries	OIR - OiratHorde	Khishig
countries	OIR - OiratHorde	Ush Temur
countries	OIR - OiratHorde	Iburai
countries	OIR - OiratHorde	Baatar
countries	OIR - OiratHorde	Esen Taishi
countries	OIR - OiratHorde	Güshi
countries	OIR - OiratHorde	Galdan Bashigt
countries	OJI - Ojibwa	Native Council
countries	OKA - Oka	Rurikovich
countries	OKA - Oka	Semen
countries	OKA - Oka	Ivan
countries	OKA - Oka	Roman
countries	OLD - Oldenburg	Dietrich
countries	OLD - Oldenburg	Adolf
countries	OLD - Oldenburg	Wilhelm I
countries	OLD - Oldenburg	Christian VI
countries	OLD - Oldenburg	Gerhard
countries	OLD - Oldenburg	Friedrich August I
countries	OLD - Oldenburg	Johann VII
countries	OLD - Oldenburg	Peter
countries	OLD - Oldenburg	Anton Günther I
countries	OLD - Oldenburg	von Oldenburg
countries	OLD - Oldenburg	Anton Günther
countries	OLD - Oldenburg	Paul I von Rußland 
countries	OLD - Oldenburg	Johann VI
countries	OLD - Oldenburg	Johann V
countries	OLD - Oldenburg	von Holstein-Gottorp
countries	OLD - Oldenburg	Christian
countries	OLD - Oldenburg	Peter Friedrich Wilhelm
countries	OLD - Oldenburg	Peter I
countries	OLD - Oldenburg	Gerhard der Mutige
countries	OLD - Oldenburg	Anton I
countries	OLD - Oldenburg	Johann
countries	OLD - Oldenburg	Anton
countries	OMA - Oman	Habhân
countries	OMA - Oman	Sultân II
countries	OMA - Oman	Sultân III
countries	OMA - Oman	Abi'l-'Arab
countries	OMA - Oman	Sayf
countries	OMA - Oman	Sâlim I
countries	OMA - Oman	Abi'l-'Arab I
countries	OMA - Oman	Muhammad bin Ismail
countries	OMA - Oman	Sâ'îd II
countries	OMA - Oman	Sâ'îd
countries	OMA - Oman	Abul Hassan
countries	OMA - Oman	Sâlim
countries	OMA - Oman	Muhannâ
countries	OMA - Oman	Nâsir
countries	OMA - Oman	Omar al Sharif
countries	OMA - Oman	Nabhan
countries	OMA - Oman	Al Said
countries	OMA - Oman	Sayf I
countries	OMA - Oman	Ahmad
countries	OMA - Oman	Makhzum bin al Fallah
countries	OMA - Oman	Sayf II
countries	OMA - Oman	Barakat bin Muhammad
countries	OMA - Oman	Abdulla bin Muhammad
countries	OMA - Oman	Banu Ghafir
countries	OMA - Oman	Muhammad III
countries	OMA - Oman	Ya'ariba
countries	OMA - Oman	Abi'l-'Arab II
countries	OMA - Oman	Omar bin al Khattab
countries	OMA - Oman	'Umayr
countries	OMA - Oman	Sultân I
countries	OMA - Oman	Sâ'îd I
countries	OMA - Oman	Sultân
countries	ORD - Ormond	Walter
countries	ORD - Ormond	James VII
countries	ORD - Ormond	James IV
countries	ORD - Ormond	James VI
countries	ORD - Ormond	Thomas
countries	ORD - Ormond	James
countries	ORD - Ormond	James V
countries	ORD - Ormond	Butler
countries	ORD - Ormond	John
countries	ORD - Ormond	Piers
countries	ORI - Orissa	Karrani
countries	ORI - Orissa	Saluva
countries	ORI - Orissa	Nârashima Jana
countries	ORI - Orissa	Govindaraja Vidyadhara
countries	ORI - Orissa	Kapilendra
countries	ORI - Orissa	Raghurâma Chhotra
countries	ORI - Orissa	Purushottama
countries	ORI - Orissa	Bhoi
countries	ORI - Orissa	Râmchandra Deva I
countries	ORI - Orissa	Da'ud
countries	ORI - Orissa	Hamvira
countries	ORI - Orissa	Chalukya
countries	ORI - Orissa	Kaluadeva
countries	ORI - Orissa	Parvati Devi
countries	ORI - Orissa	Râmchandra Deva
countries	ORI - Orissa	Gajapati
countries	ORI - Orissa	Pratâprudra
countries	ORI - Orissa	Chakrapretâpa
countries	ORI - Orissa	Padmavati Devi
countries	ORI - Orissa	Dash
countries	ORI - Orissa	Mukundadeva Harishandra
countries	ORL - Orleans	Henri I
countries	ORL - Orleans	Charles
countries	ORL - Orleans	Louis III
countries	ORL - Orleans	Louis I
countries	ORL - Orleans	Louis
countries	ORL - Orleans	de Valois
countries	ORL - Orleans	Charles I
countries	ORL - Orleans	Charles III
countries	ORL - Orleans	Régence
countries	ORL - Orleans	Louis II
countries	ORL - Orleans	Charles II
countries	ORM - Ormuz	Salghur
countries	ORM - Ormuz	Turani
countries	ORM - Ormuz	Fakhr al-Din
countries	OSA - Osage	Native Council
countries	OTM - Otomo	Chikataka
countries	OTM - Otomo	Mochinao
countries	OTM - Otomo	Ujiyasu
countries	OTM - Otomo	Chikashige
countries	OTM - Otomo	Yoshimune
countries	OTM - Otomo	Masachika
countries	OTM - Otomo	Chikayo
countries	OTM - Otomo	Shimazu
countries	OTM - Otomo	Chikaaki
countries	OTM - Otomo	Yoshinaga
countries	OTM - Otomo	Yoshishige
countries	OTM - Otomo	Chikatsuna
countries	OTM - Otomo	Chikaharu
countries	OTM - Otomo	Sadamune
countries	OTM - Otomo	Ujitoki
countries	OTM - Otomo	Yoshisuke
countries	OTM - Otomo	Yoshiaki
countries	OTM - Otomo	Otomo
countries	OTT - Ottawa	Native Council
countries	OUC - Ouchi	Yoshitaka
countries	OUC - Ouchi	Masahiro
countries	OUC - Ouchi	Ouchi
countries	OUC - Ouchi	Yoshihiro
countries	OUC - Ouchi	Mochiyo
countries	OUC - Ouchi	Yoshinaga
countries	OUC - Ouchi	Norihiro
countries	OUC - Ouchi	Yoshioki
countries	OUC - Ouchi	Hiroshige
countries	OUC - Ouchi	Hiroyo
countries	OUC - Ouchi	Morimi
countries	OUC - Ouchi	Hiroyuki
countries	OYO - Oyo	Sango
countries	OYO - Oyo	Majotu
countries	OYO - Oyo	Awole Arongangan
countries	OYO - Oyo	Abipa
countries	OYO - Oyo	Gberu
countries	OYO - Oyo	 Onigbogi
countries	OYO - Oyo	Jayin
countries	OYO - Oyo	Agboluaje
countries	OYO - Oyo	Alaafin
countries	OYO - Oyo	Aganju
countries	OYO - Oyo	Onisle
countries	OYO - Oyo	Odorawu
countries	OYO - Oyo	Ajagbo
countries	OYO - Oyo	Onigbogi
countries	OYO - Oyo	Obalokun
countries	OYO - Oyo	Onsile
countries	OYO - Oyo	Abiodun
countries	OYO - Oyo	Adebo
countries	OYO - Oyo	Osiyago
countries	OYO - Oyo	Eguguoju
countries	OYO - Oyo	Labisi
countries	OYO - Oyo	Ayibi
countries	OYO - Oyo	Maaku
countries	OYO - Oyo	Amuniwaiye
countries	OYO - Oyo	Kari
countries	OYO - Oyo	Ajaka
countries	OYO - Oyo	Ofinran
countries	OYO - Oyo	Ajiboyede
countries	OYO - Oyo	Ojigi
countries	OYO - Oyo	Majeogbe
countries	OYO - Oyo	Aburumaku
countries	OYO - Oyo	Oluaso
countries	OYO - Oyo	Kanran
countries	OYO - Oyo	Oranyan
countries	OYO - Oyo	Orompoto
countries	PAL - Palatinate	Johann Wilhelm
countries	PAL - Palatinate	Dorothea
countries	PAL - Palatinate	Elisabeth Amalie
countries	PAL - Palatinate	Anne
countries	PAL - Palatinate	Franz von Sickingen
countries	PAL - Palatinate	Philipp Wilhelm
countries	PAL - Palatinate	Anna Maria Luisa
countries	PAL - Palatinate	Karl Philipp
countries	PAL - Palatinate	Margarete
countries	PAL - Palatinate	Friedrich Riedesel
countries	PAL - Palatinate	Elisabeth
countries	PAL - Palatinate	Karl II
countries	PAL - Palatinate	von Oldenburg
countries	PAL - Palatinate	Friedrich IV
countries	PAL - Palatinate	Karl Theodor
countries	PAL - Palatinate	von Wittelsbach
countries	PAL - Palatinate	Ludwig III
countries	PAL - Palatinate	Marie
countries	PAL - Palatinate	von Hessen-Kassel
countries	PAL - Palatinate	Cirksena
countries	PAL - Palatinate	Karl III Philipp
countries	PAL - Palatinate	Karl IV Theodor
countries	PAL - Palatinate	von Hohenzollern
countries	PAL - Palatinate	Louise Juliana
countries	PAL - Palatinate	Karl I Ludwig
countries	PAL - Palatinate	Elisabeth Auguste
countries	PAL - Palatinate	Philipp
countries	PAL - Palatinate	Friedrich I
countries	PAL - Palatinate	Karl
countries	PAL - Palatinate	Friedrich V
countries	PAL - Palatinate	Sibylle
countries	PAL - Palatinate	Stuart
countries	PAL - Palatinate	Margaret
countries	PAL - Palatinate	Ludwig VI
countries	PAL - Palatinate	Charlotte
countries	PAL - Palatinate	Karl II Philipp
countries	PAL - Palatinate	Ludwig IV
countries	PAL - Palatinate	Friedrich III der Fromme
countries	PAL - Palatinate	Ludwig
countries	PAL - Palatinate	di Savoia
countries	PAL - Palatinate	Philipp der Edelmütige
countries	PAL - Palatinate	von Nassau
countries	PAL - Palatinate	Friedrich
countries	PAL - Palatinate	Rupert III
countries	PAL - Palatinate	Otto Heinrich
countries	PAL - Palatinate	Ludwig V
countries	PAL - Palatinate	Ernst von Mansfeld
countries	PAL - Palatinate	von Neuenahr
countries	PAL - Palatinate	de' Medici
countries	PAL - Palatinate	Friedrich II der Weise
countries	PAP - Papal	Bonifatius IX
countries	PAP - Papal	Innocentius IX
countries	PAP - Papal	Alexander VII
countries	PAP - Papal	Paulus II
countries	PAP - Papal	Clemens XIV
countries	PAP - Papal	Innocentius X
countries	PAP - Papal	Innocentius VII
countries	PAP - Papal	Innocentius VIII
countries	PAP - Papal	Clemens X
countries	PAP - Papal	Clemens XII
countries	PAP - Papal	Iulius III
countries	PAP - Papal	Benedictus XIV
countries	PAP - Papal	Iulius II
countries	PAP - Papal	M. Colonna
countries	PAP - Papal	Pius II
countries	PAP - Papal	Clemens VII
countries	PAP - Papal	Pius V
countries	PAP - Papal	Paulus V
countries	PAP - Papal	Gregorius XIV
countries	PAP - Papal	Clemens XI
countries	PAP - Papal	Callistus III
countries	PAP - Papal	Leo XI
countries	PAP - Papal	Martinus V
countries	PAP - Papal	Pius IV
countries	PAP - Papal	Urbanus VIII
countries	PAP - Papal	Gregorius XII
countries	PAP - Papal	Innocentius XIII
countries	PAP - Papal	Pius III
countries	PAP - Papal	Pius VI
countries	PAP - Papal	Xystus IV
countries	PAP - Papal	Urbanus VII
countries	PAP - Papal	Paulus III
countries	PAP - Papal	Cesare Borgia
countries	PAP - Papal	Xystus V
countries	PAP - Papal	Gregorius XV
countries	PAP - Papal	Alexander VIII
countries	PAP - Papal	Marcellus II
countries	PAP - Papal	Clemens XIII
countries	PAP - Papal	Leo X
countries	PAP - Papal	Gregorius XIII
countries	PAP - Papal	Clemens VIII
countries	PAP - Papal	Paulus IV
countries	PAP - Papal	Eugenius IV
countries	PAP - Papal	Innocentius XI
countries	PAP - Papal	Pius VII
countries	PAP - Papal	Nicholaus V
countries	PAP - Papal	Clemens IX
countries	PAP - Papal	Alexander VI
countries	PAP - Papal	Benedictus XIII
countries	PAP - Papal	Hadrianus VI
countries	PAP - Papal	Innocentius XII
countries	PAR - Parma	Antonio
countries	PAR - Parma	Ottavio
countries	PAR - Parma	Pier Luigi
countries	PAR - Parma	Ferdinando I
countries	PAR - Parma	Maria Luigia
countries	PAR - Parma	Farnese
countries	PAR - Parma	Odoardo I
countries	PAR - Parma	Odoardo
countries	PAR - Parma	Ranuccio II
countries	PAR - Parma	Ferdinando
countries	PAR - Parma	Ranuccio
countries	PAR - Parma	Francesco Maria
countries	PAR - Parma	Carlo I
countries	PAR - Parma	Ranuccio I
countries	PAR - Parma	Alessandro
countries	PAR - Parma	Filippo I
countries	PAR - Parma	de Bourbon
countries	PAT - Pattani	Shah 'Alam
countries	PAT - Pattani	Mansur Shah
countries	PAT - Pattani	Inland
countries	PAT - Pattani	Raja Bakalan
countries	PAT - Pattani	Raja Hijau
countries	PAT - Pattani	Kelantan
countries	PAT - Pattani	Raja Long Nuh
countries	PAT - Pattani	Raja Buru
countries	PAT - Pattani	Patik Siam
countries	PAT - Pattani	Raja Kening
countries	PAT - Pattani	Raja Laksmana Dajang
countries	PAT - Pattani	Sultan Long Bahar
countries	PAT - Pattani	Raja Shaktl Kelantan
countries	PAT - Pattani	Bahadur Shah
countries	PAT - Pattani	Raja Emas Jayam Baginda
countries	PAT - Pattani	Muzaffar Shah
countries	PAT - Pattani	Raja Dewi Perachu
countries	PAT - Pattani	Long Bahar
countries	PAT - Pattani	Raja Isma'il Shah
countries	PAT - Pattani	Raja Emas Kelantan
countries	PAT - Pattani	Alung Yunus
countries	PAT - Pattani	Raja Yunus
countries	PAT - Pattani	Raja Ungku
countries	PAW - Pawnee	Native Council
countries	PCJ - Pacajes	Pacaje
countries	PCJ - Pacajes	Illapa
countries	PCJ - Pacajes	Cayo
countries	PEG - Pegu	Binnya Ran I
countries	PEG - Pegu	Hanthawaddy
countries	PEG - Pegu	Leik Mawdaw
countries	PEG - Pegu	Takayutpi
countries	PEG - Pegu	Razadarit
countries	PEG - Pegu	Dhammazedi
countries	PEG - Pegu	Binnya Waru
countries	PEG - Pegu	Binnya Kyan
countries	PEG - Pegu	Mon
countries	PEG - Pegu	Binnya Dala
countries	PEG - Pegu	Smim Sawhtut
countries	PEG - Pegu	Binnya Dammayaza
countries	PEG - Pegu	Shin Sawbu
countries	PEG - Pegu	Binnya Ran II
countries	PEG - Pegu	Wareru
countries	PEG - Pegu	Smim Htaw Buddhaketi
countries	PEG - Pegu	Binnya Ran
countries	PEG - Pegu	Binnya Dhammaraza
countries	PEG - Pegu	Smim Htaw
countries	PEQ - Pequot	Native Council
countries	PER - Persia	Ali Morad
countries	PER - Persia	Fath Ali Khan
countries	PER - Persia	Thamasp II
countries	PER - Persia	Ismail III
countries	PER - Persia	Shah Rukh
countries	PER - Persia	Suleiman II
countries	PER - Persia	Allahverdi Khan
countries	PER - Persia	Cuha Sultan
countries	PER - Persia	Zand
countries	PER - Persia	Ismâ'îl I
countries	PER - Persia	Farhad Khan
countries	PER - Persia	Latif Khan
countries	PER - Persia	Zaki Khan
countries	PER - Persia	Abbas II
countries	PER - Persia	Ibrahim
countries	PER - Persia	Ismail I
countries	PER - Persia	Rustam Khan
countries	PER - Persia	Adil
countries	PER - Persia	Muhammad Khudabanda
countries	PER - Persia	Joneid
countries	PER - Persia	Fath Alî
countries	PER - Persia	Sadeq Khan
countries	PER - Persia	Thamâsp I
countries	PER - Persia	Safavid
countries	PER - Persia	Abu Talib
countries	PER - Persia	Ibrahim Khan
countries	PER - Persia	Afsharid
countries	PER - Persia	Qarchaqay Bei
countries	PER - Persia	Ismâ'îl II
countries	PER - Persia	Suleiman I
countries	PER - Persia	Abbas III
countries	PER - Persia	Haidar
countries	PER - Persia	Nadir Shah
countries	PER - Persia	Qajar
countries	PER - Persia	Sultan Husain I
countries	PER - Persia	Karim Khan
countries	PER - Persia	Nadir
countries	PER - Persia	Lotf Ali Khan
countries	PER - Persia	Aga Muhammad
countries	PER - Persia	Ja'far Khan
countries	PER - Persia	Tahmasp I
countries	PER - Persia	Emir Guna Beg
countries	PER - Persia	Abbas I
countries	PER - Persia	Safi I
countries	PER - Persia	Hamza Mirza
countries	PGR - Pagarruyung	Indermasyah
countries	PGR - Pagarruyung	Tsau-Lha
countries	PGR - Pagarruyung	Ahmadsyah
countries	PGR - Pagarruyung	Adityawarman
countries	PGR - Pagarruyung	Inayat
countries	PGR - Pagarruyung	Ananggawarman
countries	PGR - Pagarruyung	Menradza
countries	PGR - Pagarruyung	Muningsyah
countries	PGR - Pagarruyung	Mauli
countries	PGR - Pagarruyung	Tsalenggathu
countries	PGR - Pagarruyung	Gadzabadi
countries	PGS  - Pangasinan	Liyu
countries	PGS  - Pangasinan	Hong
countries	PGS  - Pangasinan	Caboloan
countries	PGS  - Pangasinan	Lim
countries	PIM - Pima	Native Council
countries	PIS - Pisa	Simone Orlandi
countries	PLB - Palembang	Husayn
countries	PLB - Palembang	Mengtsekya
countries	PLB - Palembang	Tsau-Lha
countries	PLB - Palembang	Gadzabadi
countries	PLB - Palembang	Amritpal
countries	PLB - Palembang	Menradza
countries	PLB - Palembang	Palembang
countries	PLB - Palembang	Tsalenggathu
countries	PLB - Palembang	Inayat
countries	PLC - The Commonwealth	Pawel Jan Sapieha
countries	PLC - The Commonwealth	Jeremi Wisnowiecki
countries	PLC - The Commonwealth	von Winter
countries	PLC - The Commonwealth	von Wettin
countries	PLC - The Commonwealth	Kazimierz Pulaski
countries	PLC - The Commonwealth	dArquien
countries	PLC - The Commonwealth	von Habsburg
countries	PLC - The Commonwealth	Báthory
countries	PLC - The Commonwealth	Stanislaw Jan Jablonowski
countries	PLC - The Commonwealth	Aleksander Sapieha
countries	PLC - The Commonwealth	Zygmunt III
countries	PLC - The Commonwealth	Wladyslaw
countries	PLC - The Commonwealth	Eleonora
countries	PLC - The Commonwealth	Stanislaw Lubomirski
countries	PLC - The Commonwealth	Jagiellon
countries	PLC - The Commonwealth	Cecylia Renata
countries	PLC - The Commonwealth	Arend Dickmann
countries	PLC - The Commonwealth	Stanislaw Koniecpolski
countries	PLC - The Commonwealth	Krzysztof Arciszewski
countries	PLC - The Commonwealth	Opaliñski
countries	PLC - The Commonwealth	Maria Jozefa
countries	PLC - The Commonwealth	Stefan Czarniecki
countries	PLC - The Commonwealth	Krystyna Eberhardyna
countries	PLC - The Commonwealth	Jan Karol Chodkiewicz
countries	PLC - The Commonwealth	Jerzy Lubomirski
countries	PLC - The Commonwealth	Sobieski
countries	PLC - The Commonwealth	Poniatowski
countries	PLC - The Commonwealth	Konstancja
countries	PLC - The Commonwealth	Stanislaw I
countries	PLC - The Commonwealth	August III Sas
countries	PLC - The Commonwealth	Ernest Denhoff
countries	PLC - The Commonwealth	Jan III
countries	PLC - The Commonwealth	Michal I
countries	PLC - The Commonwealth	Michal Radziwill
countries	PLC - The Commonwealth	Vasa
countries	PLC - The Commonwealth	Stanislaw Zolkiewski
countries	PLC - The Commonwealth	Stanislaw II
countries	PLC - The Commonwealth	Wincenty Gosiewski
countries	PLC - The Commonwealth	Jozef Poniatowski
countries	PLC - The Commonwealth	Jan Sapieha
countries	PLC - The Commonwealth	Mikolaj Potocki
countries	PLC - The Commonwealth	August II Mocny
countries	PLC - The Commonwealth	Tadeusz Kosciuszko
countries	PLC - The Commonwealth	Ludwika Maria
countries	PLC - The Commonwealth	Hohenzollern
countries	PLC - The Commonwealth	Michal Jan Pac
countries	PLC - The Commonwealth	Henryk I
countries	PLC - The Commonwealth	Stanislaw Poniatowski
countries	PLC - The Commonwealth	Stefan I
countries	PLC - The Commonwealth	Wisniowiecki
countries	PLC - The Commonwealth	Maria Kazimiera
countries	PLC - The Commonwealth	Jan Reinhold Patkul
countries	PLC - The Commonwealth	Jan Kazimierz
countries	PLC - The Commonwealth	Anna
countries	PLC - The Commonwealth	Jan II Kazimierz
countries	PLC - The Commonwealth	Jan Zamojski
countries	PLC - The Commonwealth	Katarzyna
countries	PLC - The Commonwealth	Krzysztof Radziwill
countries	PLC - The Commonwealth	Stefan Báthory
countries	PLC - The Commonwealth	de Valois
countries	PLC - The Commonwealth	Gonzaga
countries	PLC - The Commonwealth	Jan Kazimierz Sapieha
countries	PLC - The Commonwealth	Wladyslaw IV
countries	PLC - The Commonwealth	Leszczynski
countries	POL - Poland	Dobieslaw Kurozwecki
countries	POL - Poland	Sforza
countries	POL - Poland	Rurikovich
countries	POL - Poland	von Habsburg
countries	POL - Poland	Feliks Paniewski
countries	POL - Poland	Barbara
countries	POL - Poland	Bona
countries	POL - Poland	Jagiellon
countries	POL - Poland	Jan I Olbracht
countries	POL - Poland	Helena
countries	POL - Poland	Kazimierz IV
countries	POL - Poland	Elzbieta
countries	POL - Poland	Radvilos
countries	POL - Poland	Zygmunt I Stary
countries	POL - Poland	Zygmunt August
countries	POL - Poland	Jan Tarnowski
countries	POL - Poland	Andrzej Kurbski
countries	POL - Poland	Aleksander
countries	POL - Poland	Zápolya
countries	POL - Poland	(Interregnum)
countries	POL - Poland	Katarzyna
countries	POL - Poland	Piotr Dunin
countries	POL - Poland	Zygmunt I August
countries	POL - Poland	Zygmunt II August
countries	POL - Poland	Sebastian Lubomirski
countries	POL - Poland	Jan Olbracht
countries	POL - Poland	Aleksander I
countries	POL - Poland	Zygmunt
countries	POM - Pommern	Barnim XII
countries	POM - Pommern	Filip
countries	POM - Pommern	Wartislaw
countries	POM - Pommern	Boguslaw
countries	POM - Pommern	Boguslaw XIII
countries	POM - Pommern	Ota
countries	POM - Pommern	Ota III
countries	POM - Pommern	Eryk II
countries	POM - Pommern	Franciszek
countries	POM - Pommern	Wartislaw IX
countries	POM - Pommern	Gryf
countries	POM - Pommern	Franciszek I
countries	POM - Pommern	Boguslaw X
countries	POM - Pommern	Barnim
countries	POM - Pommern	Boguslaw XIV
countries	POM - Pommern	Barnim XI
countries	POM - Pommern	Filip II
countries	POM - Pommern	Barnim VI
countries	POM - Pommern	Johann Friedrich
countries	POM - Pommern	Eryk
countries	POR - Portugal	Afonso V
countries	POR - Portugal	von Habsburg
countries	POR - Portugal	Maria
countries	POR - Portugal	Isabella
countries	POR - Portugal	Pedro Álvares Cabral
countries	POR - Portugal	João I
countries	POR - Portugal	Infante Pedro
countries	POR - Portugal	Pedro
countries	POR - Portugal	Amerigo Vespucci
countries	POR - Portugal	D. Álvaro de Meneses
countries	POR - Portugal	Bartolomeu Dias
countries	POR - Portugal	Francisco da Silva
countries	POR - Portugal	António
countries	POR - Portugal	Maria I
countries	POR - Portugal	de Avis
countries	POR - Portugal	Mem de Sá
countries	POR - Portugal	Martim de Sousa
countries	POR - Portugal	Gaspar Corte-Real
countries	POR - Portugal	Fernando Pó
countries	POR - Portugal	João V
countries	POR - Portugal	Sebastião I
countries	POR - Portugal	Luisa
countries	POR - Portugal	Anna
countries	POR - Portugal	Catherine
countries	POR - Portugal	Diogo Gomes
countries	POR - Portugal	João II
countries	POR - Portugal	António Luís de Sousa
countries	POR - Portugal	Vasco da Gama
countries	POR - Portugal	Infantes
countries	POR - Portugal	M.J. Dias Azedo
countries	POR - Portugal	Conde de Lippe
countries	POR - Portugal	Gaspar de Lemos
countries	POR - Portugal	Afonso VI
countries	POR - Portugal	de Bourbon
countries	POR - Portugal	Barbosa
countries	POR - Portugal	Afonso Gonçalves Baldaia
countries	POR - Portugal	Bartolomeu Perestrelo
countries	POR - Portugal	Pedro II
countries	POR - Portugal	Gonçalo Velho Cabral
countries	POR - Portugal	Eleanor
countries	POR - Portugal	Manuel I
countries	POR - Portugal	Maria Anna
countries	POR - Portugal	Leonor
countries	POR - Portugal	José I
countries	POR - Portugal	João VI
countries	POR - Portugal	M. Pereira Forjaz
countries	POR - Portugal	F. von Schomberg
countries	POR - Portugal	B. Freire de Andrade
countries	POR - Portugal	Carlota
countries	POR - Portugal	Conde de Amarante
countries	POR - Portugal	Pêro da Covilhã
countries	POR - Portugal	Pedro Teixeira
countries	POR - Portugal	Afonso
countries	POR - Portugal	de Trastámara
countries	POR - Portugal	Diogo Cão
countries	POR - Portugal	di Savoia
countries	POR - Portugal	Rui Lourenço Ravasco
countries	POR - Portugal	Gonçalo Coelho
countries	POR - Portugal	Henrique
countries	POR - Portugal	Maria Sophia
countries	POR - Portugal	Henrique I o Cardeal-Rei
countries	POR - Portugal	Afonso de Castro
countries	POR - Portugal	de Bragança
countries	POR - Portugal	António I
countries	POR - Portugal	von Wittelsbach
countries	POR - Portugal	Diogo de Azambuja
countries	POR - Portugal	Duarte
countries	POR - Portugal	José
countries	POR - Portugal	Nuno Álvares Pereira
countries	POR - Portugal	Sebastião
countries	POR - Portugal	Diogo de Silves
countries	POR - Portugal	Caramuru
countries	POR - Portugal	Tristão Vaz Teixeira
countries	POR - Portugal	João Gonçalves Zarco
countries	POR - Portugal	Maria Victoria
countries	POR - Portugal	João
countries	POR - Portugal	Nuno Álvares Botelho
countries	POR - Portugal	Maria Francisca
countries	POR - Portugal	Álvares Botelho
countries	POR - Portugal	Pedro de Sintra
countries	POR - Portugal	F. Furtado de Castro
countries	POR - Portugal	Francisco de Almeida
countries	POR - Portugal	António, Prior do Crato
countries	POR - Portugal	Manuel
countries	POR - Portugal	João III
countries	POR - Portugal	Rui de Sequeira
countries	POR - Portugal	Alvise Ca' da Mosto
countries	POR - Portugal	Joanna
countries	POR - Portugal	Pedro Fernandes Queiróz
countries	POR - Portugal	Miguel Corte-Real
countries	POR - Portugal	António Fernandes
countries	POR - Portugal	João IV
countries	POR - Portugal	de Medina-Sidonia
countries	POR - Portugal	Earl of Avranches
countries	POT - Potawatomi	Native Council
countries	POW - Powhatan	Native Council
countries	PRG - Paraguay	Rodriguez de Francia
countries	PRG - Paraguay	Fulgencio Yegros
countries	PRK - Perak	Mansûr Shâh II
countries	PRK - Perak	Muzaffar Shâh
countries	PRK - Perak	Ahmad Tajuddin Shâh
countries	PRK - Perak	Mahmûd Shâh II
countries	PRK - Perak	Tajul Ariffin Shâh
countries	PRK - Perak	Ahmaddin Shâh
countries	PRK - Perak	Mukaddam Shâh
countries	PRK - Perak	Alauddin Mughayat Shâh
countries	PRK - Perak	Mahmûd Iskandar Shâh
countries	PRK - Perak	Muzaffar Shâh III
countries	PRK - Perak	Mansûr Shâh
countries	PRK - Perak	Siak
countries	PRK - Perak	Abdullah Muazzam Shâh
countries	PRK - Perak	Sallehuddin Shâh
countries	PRK - Perak	Muzaffar Shâh I
countries	PRK - Perak	Melaka
countries	PRK - Perak	Alauddin Shâh
countries	PRK - Perak	Muzaffar Shâh II
countries	PRK - Perak	Abdul Malik Mansûr Shâh
countries	PRK - Perak	Mahmûd Shâh
countries	PRK - Perak	Alauddin Mansûr Shâh
countries	PRK - Perak	Abdul Malik Mansur Shâh
countries	PRK - Perak	Iskandar Zulkarnain Shâh
countries	PRM - Perm	Velikopermsky
countries	PRM - Perm	Mikhail I
countries	PRM - Perm	Yermolay I
countries	PRM - Perm	Matvey I
countries	PRM - Perm	Mikhail
countries	PRM - Perm	Matvey
countries	PRO - Provence	René
countries	PRO - Provence	de Vaudémont
countries	PRO - Provence	Charles
countries	PRO - Provence	de Laval
countries	PRO - Provence	René I
countries	PRO - Provence	Louis III
countries	PRO - Provence	Jeanne
countries	PRO - Provence	Louis
countries	PRO - Provence	de Valois
countries	PRO - Provence	Charles III
countries	PRO - Provence	Louis II
countries	PRO - Provence	de Metz
countries	PRO - Provence	Isabella
countries	PRU - Prussia	Albert Friedrich
countries	PRU - Prussia	Albrecht Friedrich
countries	PRU - Prussia	F.L. zu Hohenlohe
countries	PRU - Prussia	Dorothea
countries	PRU - Prussia	Louise
countries	PRU - Prussia	Hans J. von Ziethen
countries	PRU - Prussia	von Gessler
countries	PRU - Prussia	F. Hessen-Homburg
countries	PRU - Prussia	F.A. von Finck
countries	PRU - Prussia	Marie Eleonore
countries	PRU - Prussia	Sophia Louise
countries	PRU - Prussia	von Oldenburg
countries	PRU - Prussia	Gebhard von Blücher
countries	PRU - Prussia	von Wittelsbach
countries	PRU - Prussia	Friedrich II der Große
countries	PRU - Prussia	Friedrich II Wilhelm
countries	PRU - Prussia	Hans van Lehwald
countries	PRU - Prussia	von Hohenzollern
countries	PRU - Prussia	Sophia Charlotte
countries	PRU - Prussia	Friedrich Wilhelm III
countries	PRU - Prussia	Friedrich Wilhelm I
countries	PRU - Prussia	August von Gneisenau
countries	PRU - Prussia	Ferdinand von Preußen
countries	PRU - Prussia	von Hessen
countries	PRU - Prussia	Georg Wilhelm
countries	PRU - Prussia	Friedrich I
countries	PRU - Prussia	F.W. von Seydlitz
countries	PRU - Prussia	Johann Sigismund
countries	PRU - Prussia	von Welf
countries	PRU - Prussia	A.F. von Schulenburg
countries	PRU - Prussia	von Holstein-Gottorp
countries	PRU - Prussia	Leopold von Dessau
countries	PRU - Prussia	G. von Derfflinger
countries	PRU - Prussia	Anna Marie
countries	PRU - Prussia	Kurt von Schwerin
countries	PRU - Prussia	von Nassau
countries	PRU - Prussia	Albrecht
countries	PRU - Prussia	von der Mark
countries	PRU - Prussia	Friedrich
countries	PRU - Prussia	von Hannover
countries	PRU - Prussia	Friedrich Wilhelm IV
countries	PRU - Prussia	Anna
countries	PRU - Prussia	Wilhelm zu Dohna
countries	PRU - Prussia	Heinrich von Preußen
countries	PRU - Prussia	Fredrika Louisa
countries	PRU - Prussia	Elisabeth Charlotte
countries	PRU - Prussia	F.W. von Bülow
countries	PRU - Prussia	Friedrich Wilhelm II
countries	PRU - Prussia	Sophia Dorothea
countries	PRU - Prussia	von Mecklenburg
countries	PRU - Prussia	Elisabeth Christine
countries	PRU - Prussia	Louise Henriette
countries	PRU - Prussia	Friedrich Wilhelm
countries	PRU - Prussia	F.W. von Kyau
countries	PSA - Pasai	Nahrasiyah
countries	PSA - Pasai	Zain al-Abidin
countries	PSA - Pasai	Zain al Abidin I
countries	PSA - Pasai	Ahmad Malik az-Zahir
countries	PSA - Pasai	Zain al-Abidin II
countries	PSA - Pasai	Zain al-Abidin III
countries	PSA - Pasai	Abd-Allah Malik az-Zahir
countries	PSA - Pasai	Mahmud Malik az-Zahir II
countries	PSA - Pasai	Malik as-Saleh
countries	PSA - Pasai	Mahmud Malik az-Zahir I
countries	PSA - Pasai	Mahmud Malik az-Zahir
countries	PSA - Pasai	Muhammad Malik az-Zahir
countries	PSA - Pasai	Pasai
countries	PSA - Pasai	Abu Zaid Malik az-Zahir
countries	PSK - Pskov	Ivan V
countries	PSK - Pskov	Rostinski
countries	PSK - Pskov	Dmitriy
countries	PSK - Pskov	Aleksandr V
countries	PSK - Pskov	Ivan
countries	PSK - Pskov	Rostovsky
countries	PSK - Pskov	Ivan IV
countries	PSK - Pskov	Andrei II
countries	PSK - Pskov	Fyodor III
countries	PSK - Pskov	Semyon
countries	PSK - Pskov	Chartoryski
countries	PSK - Pskov	Aleksandr IV
countries	PSK - Pskov	Ivan VI
countries	PSK - Pskov	Shuiski
countries	PSK - Pskov	Vladimir II
countries	PSK - Pskov	Vasiliy III
countries	PSK - Pskov	Aleksandr VI
countries	PSK - Pskov	Daniil
countries	PSK - Pskov	Daniil II
countries	PSK - Pskov	Dmitriy I
countries	PSK - Pskov	Vasiliy IV
countries	PSK - Pskov	Vasiliy V
countries	PSK - Pskov	Fyodor I
countries	PSK - Pskov	Valdimir III
countries	PSK - Pskov	Ivan VII
countries	PSK - Pskov	Fyodor II
countries	PSK - Pskov	Obolenski
countries	PSK - Pskov	Shuysky
countries	PSK - Pskov	Patriarch of Pskov
countries	PSK - Pskov	Repnin-Obolenski
countries	PSK - Pskov	Konstantin
countries	PSK - Pskov	Yaroslav II
countries	PTA - Patiala	Ala Singh
countries	PTA - Patiala	Karam
countries	PTA - Patiala	Amar Singh
countries	PTA - Patiala	Karam Singh
countries	PTA - Patiala	Sahib Singh
countries	PTA - Patiala	Phulkian
countries	PTA - Patiala	Amar
countries	PTA - Patiala	Sahib
countries	PTE - Pate	Ahmad bin Abi Bakr bin Muhammad
countries	PTE - Pate	Fumo Luti bin Shehe bin Fumo Luti
countries	PTE - Pate	Muhammad V
countries	PTE - Pate	Abubakar I
countries	PTE - Pate	Bwana Mkuu bin Shehe bin Abi Bakr Bwana Tamu
countries	PTE - Pate	Fumo Luti Kipanga
countries	PTE - Pate	Ahmad IV
countries	PTE - Pate	Bwana Mkuu bin Muhammad
countries	PTE - Pate	Ahmad VI
countries	PTE - Pate	Bwana Tamu Mkuu Abubakr bin Muhammad Bwana Mtiti
countries	PTE - Pate	Bwana Bakari II
countries	PTE - Pate	Bwana Fumo Madi Muhammad bin Abi Bakr Wana Tamu Mtoto
countries	PTE - Pate	Abubakar II
countries	PTE - Pate	Ahmad bin Abi Bakr
countries	PTE - Pate	Mwana Khadija Bwana Mkuu bin Abi Bakr Bwana Gogo
countries	PTE - Pate	Fumo Luti
countries	PTE - Pate	Bwana Bakari I
countries	PTE - Pate	Abubakar bin Muhammad
countries	PTE - Pate	Bwana Tamu Mtoto
countries	PTE - Pate	Muhammad IV
countries	PTE - Pate	Nabahani
countries	PTE - Pate	Ahmad bin Shehe bin Fumo Luti
countries	PTE - Pate	Muhammad bin Abi Bakr
countries	PTE - Pate	Abubakar Bwana Gogo
countries	PTE - Pate	Bwana Mkuu bin Bwana Bakari
countries	PTE - Pate	Bwana Mkuu II
countries	PTE - Pate	Bwana Mkuu IV
countries	PTE - Pate	Fumo Luti Kipanga bin Bwana Fumo Madi
countries	PTE - Pate	Bwana Fumo Madi
countries	PTE - Pate	Bwana Bakari bin Bwana Mkuu
countries	PTE - Pate	Abubakar Bwana Gogo bin Muhammad
countries	PTE - Pate	Bwana Mkuu I
countries	PTE - Pate	Bwana Tamu Mtoto Abubakr
countries	PTE - Pate	Mwana Khadija
countries	PTE - Pate	Ahmad V
countries	PTE - Pate	Bwana Tamu Mkuu
countries	PTG - Potiguara	Native Council
countries	PUE - Pueblo	Native Council
countries	PUN - Punjab	Ranjit
countries	PUN - Punjab	Jassa Ahluwalia
countries	PUN - Punjab	Sandhawalia
countries	PUN - Punjab	Sikandar
countries	PUN - Punjab	Jassa Singh
countries	PUN - Punjab	Ahluwalia
countries	PUN - Punjab	Suri
countries	PUN - Punjab	Ranjit Singh
countries	PUN - Punjab	Kharak
countries	PUN - Punjab	Jasrath
countries	PUN - Punjab	Maha Singh
countries	PUN - Punjab	Khokhar
countries	PUN - Punjab	Kharak Singh
countries	QAR - Qara Koyunlu	Iskander
countries	QAR - Qara Koyunlu	Jahân
countries	QAR - Qara Koyunlu	Qara Qoyunlu
countries	QAR - Qara Koyunlu	Qara Yusuf
countries	QAR - Qara Koyunlu	Jahân Shâh
countries	QAR - Qara Koyunlu	Hasan 'Ali
countries	QAS - QasimKhanate	Sain Bulat
countries	QAS - QasimKhanate	Qarakucha
countries	QAS - QasimKhanate	Jan Ali
countries	QAS - QasimKhanate	Genghisid
countries	QAS - QasimKhanate	Shah Ali
countries	QAS - QasimKhanate	Nur Devlet
countries	QAS - QasimKhanate	Mustafa Ali
countries	QAS - QasimKhanate	Shaybanid
countries	QAS - QasimKhanate	Giray
countries	QAS - QasimKhanate	Shaikh Awliar
countries	QAS - QasimKhanate	Daniyal
countries	QAS - QasimKhanate	Sayid Burhan
countries	QAS - QasimKhanate	Fatima Soltan
countries	QAS - QasimKhanate	Urus Muhammad
countries	QAS - QasimKhanate	Janay
countries	QAS - QasimKhanate	Satilghan
countries	QAS - QasimKhanate	Alp Arslan
countries	QAS - QasimKhanate	Qasim
countries	QNG - Qing	Hiowan Yei
countries	QNG - Qing	Taksi
countries	QNG - Qing	Hooge
countries	QNG - Qing	Yong Yan
countries	QNG - Qing	Dorgon
countries	QNG - Qing	Lung
countries	QNG - Qing	In Jen
countries	QNG - Qing	Min Ning
countries	QNG - Qing	Bukuri Yongson
countries	QNG - Qing	Fuman
countries	QNG - Qing	Mengtemu
countries	QNG - Qing	Sibeoci Fiyanggu
countries	QNG - Qing	Tolo
countries	QNG - Qing	Nurhachi
countries	QNG - Qing	Aisin Gioro
countries	QNG - Qing	Fulin
countries	QNG - Qing	Dudu Mengtemu
countries	QNG - Qing	Huang Taiji
countries	QNG - Qing	Giocangga
countries	QNG - Qing	Hung Li
countries	QNG - Qing	Cungsan
countries	QOM - Qom	Timurid
countries	QOM - Qom	Muhammad bin Baysonqor
countries	QTO - Quito	Huaypalcon
countries	QTO - Quito	Caracara
countries	QTO - Quito	Luyes
countries	RAG - Ragusa	Vijece
countries	RAM - Ramazan	Mehmed I
countries	RAM - Ramazan	Dervis
countries	RAM - Ramazan	Giyâseddîn
countries	RAM - Ramazan	Pîrî Mehmed Pasa I
countries	RAM - Ramazan	Dündar I
countries	RAM - Ramazan	Ibrahim III
countries	RAM - Ramazan	Ibrahim
countries	RAM - Ramazan	Ömer I
countries	RAM - Ramazan	Giyâseddîn Halil I
countries	RAM - Ramazan	Ibrâhim
countries	RAM - Ramazan	Selim I
countries	RAM - Ramazan	Mehmed II
countries	RAM - Ramazan	Pîrî
countries	RAM - Ramazan	Izeddîn
countries	RAM - Ramazan	Mehmed
countries	RAM - Ramazan	Mahmud I
countries	RAM - Ramazan	Kubad
countries	RAM - Ramazan	Izeddîn Hamza I
countries	RAM - Ramazan	Eylük
countries	RAM - Ramazan	Sihâbeddîn Ahmed I
countries	RAM - Ramazan	Ibrâhim II
countries	RAM - Ramazan	Eylük I
countries	RAM - Ramazan	Pir
countries	RAM - Ramazan	Mahmud
countries	RAM - Ramazan	Pir Mansur I
countries	RAM - Ramazan	Ömer
countries	RAM - Ramazan	Kubad Pasa I
countries	RAM - Ramazan	Dervis I
countries	RAM - Ramazan	Ramazanoglu
countries	RAM - Ramazan	Dündar
countries	RAM - Ramazan	Selim
countries	RAS - Rassids	'Alî I
countries	RAS - Rassids	Al-Hasan
countries	RAS - Rassids	 Abdallah I
countries	RAS - Rassids	Ahmad I
countries	RAS - Rassids	Muhammad II
countries	RAS - Rassids	Qasimid
countries	RAS - Rassids	Muhammad
countries	RAS - Rassids	al-Husayn
countries	RAS - Rassids	Ahmad
countries	RAS - Rassids	al-Qásim I
countries	RAS - Rassids	Ahmad II
countries	RAS - Rassids	Al-Mutahhar
countries	RAS - Rassids	al-Qâsim I
countries	RAS - Rassids	Yahya Sharaf ad-Din
countries	RAS - Rassids	al-Qásim
countries	RAS - Rassids	Abdallah I
countries	RAS - Rassids	Muhammad III
countries	RAS - Rassids	al-'Abbâs
countries	RAS - Rassids	al-Mutahhar
countries	RAS - Rassids	'Alî
countries	RAS - Rassids	Al-Mansur Muhammad
countries	RAS - Rassids	al-Qâsim
countries	RAS - Rassids	Abdallah
countries	RAS - Rassids	Ismâ'îl
countries	RAS - Rassids	Muhammad I
countries	RFR - Nanbu	Toshitaka
countries	RFR - Nanbu	Nobunao
countries	RFR - Nanbu	Toshimi
countries	RFR - Nanbu	Toshimasa
countries	RFR - Nanbu	Michitsugu
countries	RFR - Nanbu	Toshikatsu
countries	RFR - Nanbu	Yukinobu
countries	RFR - Nanbu	Masayasu
countries	RFR - Nanbu	Toshinao
countries	RFR - Nanbu	Nobuyoshi
countries	RFR - Nanbu	Toshimoto
countries	RFR - Nanbu	Nobutoki
countries	RFR - Nanbu	Harutsugu
countries	RFR - Nanbu	Nobuoki
countries	RFR - Nanbu	Tokimasa
countries	RFR - Nanbu	Harumasa
countries	RFR - Nanbu	Shigenobu
countries	RFR - Nanbu	Yasunobu
countries	RFR - Nanbu	Nanbu
countries	RFR - Nanbu	Shigenao
countries	RFR - Nanbu	Toshimochi
countries	RIG - Riga	Wilhelm von Brandenburg
countries	RIG - Riga	Henning Scharffenberg
countries	RIG - Riga	Stadtrat
countries	RIG - Riga	Johann V
countries	RIG - Riga	Jasper Linde
countries	RIG - Riga	Johann IV Blankenfelde
countries	RIG - Riga	Thomas Schöning
countries	RIG - Riga	Michael Hildebrand
countries	RIG - Riga	Johann VI
countries	RIG - Riga	Silvester Stodwescher
countries	RIG - Riga	Stephan Grube
countries	RMP - Rohilkhand	Hafiz Rahmat Khan
countries	RMP - Rohilkhand	Rohilla
countries	RMP - Rohilkhand	Ghulam Muhammad Khan Bahadur
countries	RMP - Rohilkhand	Muhammad Said Khan Bahadur
countries	RMP - Rohilkhand	Hafiz
countries	RMP - Rohilkhand	Ali Muhammad Khan
countries	RMP - Rohilkhand	Faizullah Khan
countries	RMP - Rohilkhand	Ahmad Ali
countries	RMP - Rohilkhand	Muhammad Ali Khan Bahadur
countries	RMP - Rohilkhand	Ahmad Ali Khan Bahadur
countries	RMP - Rohilkhand	Muhammad
countries	RMP - Rohilkhand	Faizullah
countries	RMP - Rohilkhand	Muhammad Ali
countries	RSO - Rostov	Rurikovich
countries	RSO - Rostov	Vladimir
countries	RUS - Russia	Minih
countries	RUS - Russia	Ivan
countries	RUS - Russia	Vasiliy Golitsyn
countries	RUS - Russia	Vitus Bering
countries	RUS - Russia	Peter Wittgenstein
countries	RUS - Russia	Vorotinski
countries	RUS - Russia	Semen Dezhnev
countries	RUS - Russia	Ivan IV Grozny
countries	RUS - Russia	Spiridof
countries	RUS - Russia	Ovchina-Obolenski
countries	RUS - Russia	Vasiliy
countries	RUS - Russia	Ivan Petrov
countries	RUS - Russia	Boris I
countries	RUS - Russia	Mihail Shein
countries	RUS - Russia	Vishnevetski
countries	RUS - Russia	Ivan III Veliky
countries	RUS - Russia	Fyodor M. Apraxine
countries	RUS - Russia	Gordon
countries	RUS - Russia	Erofey Khabarov
countries	RUS - Russia	Aleksandr I
countries	RUS - Russia	Pyotr III
countries	RUS - Russia	Dmitry Senyavin
countries	RUS - Russia	Rurikovich
countries	RUS - Russia	Pyotr Bagration
countries	RUS - Russia	Dmitry Pozharski
countries	RUS - Russia	Yekaterina I
countries	RUS - Russia	Pyotr Beketov
countries	RUS - Russia	Pyotr II
countries	RUS - Russia	A. Dubenski
countries	RUS - Russia	Aleksey Ermolov
countries	RUS - Russia	Basmanov
countries	RUS - Russia	Ivan VI
countries	RUS - Russia	Pavel
countries	RUS - Russia	Orlov
countries	RUS - Russia	Ivan Mansurov
countries	RUS - Russia	P. Soltikov
countries	RUS - Russia	Boris Godunov
countries	RUS - Russia	Anna I
countries	RUS - Russia	Fedor III
countries	RUS - Russia	Semion Chelyuskin
countries	RUS - Russia	Ivan A. Khovanski
countries	RUS - Russia	Romodanovski
countries	RUS - Russia	Andrey Kurbski
countries	RUS - Russia	Aleksandr Menshikov
countries	RUS - Russia	A. Osterman-Tolstoy
countries	RUS - Russia	Yekaterina II Velikaya
countries	RUS - Russia	Kasimovskiy
countries	RUS - Russia	Aleksey
countries	RUS - Russia	Aleksandr
countries	RUS - Russia	Ivan Moskvitin
countries	RUS - Russia	Koltsov-Mosalski
countries	RUS - Russia	I. Sheremetev
countries	RUS - Russia	Ivan Rebrov
countries	RUS - Russia	Pyotr
countries	RUS - Russia	Alexei Adashev
countries	RUS - Russia	Matfey Gagarin
countries	RUS - Russia	Vasiliy III
countries	RUS - Russia	Chernigovets
countries	RUS - Russia	Mikulinski
countries	RUS - Russia	Vasiliy IV
countries	RUS - Russia	Romanov
countries	RUS - Russia	Nikolaj
countries	RUS - Russia	Vladislav I
countries	RUS - Russia	Mikhail I
countries	RUS - Russia	Vasiliy Poyarkov
countries	RUS - Russia	Ivan Shuiski
countries	RUS - Russia	Sheremetev
countries	RUS - Russia	Michael A. de Tolly
countries	RUS - Russia	Pyotr I Veliky
countries	RUS - Russia	Alexandr Baranov
countries	RUS - Russia	Aleksey I
countries	RUS - Russia	Dolgorukov
countries	RUS - Russia	Fedor
countries	RUS - Russia	Nikolaj I
countries	RUS - Russia	Alexander Suvorov
countries	RUS - Russia	Dmitry
countries	RUS - Russia	De Long
countries	RUS - Russia	Baryatiski
countries	RUS - Russia	Mikhail Kutuzov
countries	RUS - Russia	Fedor I
countries	RUS - Russia	Elizaveta I
countries	RUS - Russia	Franz Lefort
countries	RUS - Russia	Tottleben
countries	RUS - Russia	Yermak Timofeyevich
countries	RUS - Russia	Pyotr Shuiski
countries	RUS - Russia	Burnash Yalichev
countries	RUS - Russia	Yekaterina
countries	RUS - Russia	Skopin-Shuiski
countries	RUS - Russia	Grigorii Stroganov
countries	RUS - Russia	Mihail Glinski
countries	RUS - Russia	Pavel I
countries	RUS - Russia	Tomasov
countries	RVA - Ravensburg	Patriziat
countries	RWA - Rwanda	Abami
countries	RWA - Rwanda	Mutara I
countries	RWA - Rwanda	Kigeli III
countries	RWA - Rwanda	Mibamwe II
countries	RWA - Rwanda	Cyilima II
countries	RWA - Rwanda	Mibambwe III
countries	RWA - Rwanda	Yuhi II
countries	RWA - Rwanda	Ruganzu II
countries	RWA - Rwanda	Mibambwe I
countries	RWA - Rwanda	Mutara II
countries	RWA - Rwanda	Kigeli I
countries	RWA - Rwanda	Ndahiro
countries	RWA - Rwanda	Kigeli II
countries	RWA - Rwanda	Yuhi IV
countries	RYA - Ryazan	Fyodor Olegovich
countries	RYA - Ryazan	Ivan Fyodorovich
countries	RYA - Ryazan	Oleg Ivanovich
countries	RYA - Ryazan	Rurikovich
countries	RYU - Ryukyu	Ko
countries	RYU - Ryukyu	Toku
countries	RYU - Ryukyu	Nei
countries	RYU - Ryukyu	Tetsu
countries	RYU - Ryukyu	Sen'i
countries	RYU - Ryukyu	Chu
countries	RYU - Ryukyu	Kei
countries	RYU - Ryukyu	Taikyu
countries	RYU - Ryukyu	On
countries	RYU - Ryukyu	Sho
countries	RYU - Ryukyu	Tei
countries	RYU - Ryukyu	Ei
countries	RYU - Ryukyu	Gen
countries	RYU - Ryukyu	Boku
countries	RYU - Ryukyu	Shitsu
countries	RYU - Ryukyu	Satto
countries	RYU - Ryukyu	Bunei
countries	RYU - Ryukyu	Hashi
countries	RYU - Ryukyu	En
countries	RYU - Ryukyu	Ken
countries	RYU - Ryukyu	Ho
countries	RYU - Ryukyu	Eki
countries	RYU - Ryukyu	Sei
countries	RYU - Ryukyu	Shin
countries	RYU - Ryukyu	Shisho
countries	RYU - Ryukyu	Kimpuku
countries	RYU - Ryukyu	Shitatsu
countries	RZW - Butua	Gumboremvura
countries	RZW - Butua	Dlembeu V
countries	RZW - Butua	Dlembeu
countries	RZW - Butua	Mambo Rupanadamananga
countries	RZW - Butua	Dlembeu III
countries	RZW - Butua	Chirisamhuru
countries	RZW - Butua	Chirisamhuru I
countries	RZW - Butua	Torwa
countries	RZW - Butua	Changamire
countries	RZW - Butua	Dlembeu IV
countries	RZW - Butua	Nechagadzike
countries	RZW - Butua	Dombo Chinkura
countries	RZW - Butua	Nechisake
countries	RZW - Butua	Dlembeu II
countries	SAK - Siak	Assyaidis Syarif Ismail Abdul Jalil Jalaluddin
countries	SAK - Siak	Abdul Jalil Rahmad Syah II
countries	SAK - Siak	Mengtsekya
countries	SAK - Siak	Tsau-Lha
countries	SAK - Siak	Yahya Abdul Jalil Muzaffar Syah
countries	SAK - Siak	Abdul Jalil Rahmad Syah
countries	SAK - Siak	Abdul Jalil Jalaluddin Syah
countries	SAK - Siak	Inayat
countries	SAK - Siak	Menradza
countries	SAK - Siak	Muhammad Ali Abdul Jalil Muazzam Syah
countries	SAK - Siak	Asyaidis Syarif Ibrahim Abdul Jalil Khaliluddin
countries	SAK - Siak	Assaidis Asyarif Ali Abdul Jalil Syaifuddin Baalawi
countries	SAK - Siak	Siak
countries	SAK - Siak	Abdul Jalil Alamuddin Syah
countries	SAK - Siak	Tsalenggathu
countries	SAK - Siak	Gadzabadi
countries	SAL - Salish	Native Council
countries	SAR - Sardinia	d'Arborea
countries	SAR - Sardinia	Mariano V
countries	SAR - Sardinia	Guglielmo I
countries	SAR - Sardinia	Guglielmo
countries	SAV - Savoy	Amedeo IX
countries	SAV - Savoy	Filiberto
countries	SAV - Savoy	Ludovico
countries	SAV - Savoy	Emanuele Filiberto
countries	SAV - Savoy	Carlo Emanuele II
countries	SAV - Savoy	Ludovico I
countries	SAV - Savoy	Vittorio Amedeo II
countries	SAV - Savoy	Vittorio Amedeo I
countries	SAV - Savoy	Carlo I
countries	SAV - Savoy	Tommaso di Savoia
countries	SAV - Savoy	Filiberto I
countries	SAV - Savoy	Filiberto II
countries	SAV - Savoy	Filippo
countries	SAV - Savoy	Carlo Emanuele I
countries	SAV - Savoy	Amedeo
countries	SAV - Savoy	Vittorio Amedeo
countries	SAV - Savoy	Carlo
countries	SAV - Savoy	Emanuele Filiberto I
countries	SAV - Savoy	di Savoia
countries	SAV - Savoy	Carlo II
countries	SAV - Savoy	Filippo II
countries	SAV - Savoy	Carlo Emanuele
countries	SAV - Savoy	Carlo III
countries	SAV - Savoy	Francesco Giacinto
countries	SAV - Savoy	Amedeo VIII
countries	SAX - Saxony	von Wettin
countries	SAX - Saxony	Georg
countries	SAX - Saxony	Heinrich
countries	SAX - Saxony	August
countries	SAX - Saxony	von Habsburg
countries	SAX - Saxony	Askanier
countries	SAX - Saxony	Hans Georg von Arnim
countries	SAX - Saxony	Rudolf III
countries	SAX - Saxony	F. von Leignitz
countries	SAX - Saxony	Friedrich August I
countries	SAX - Saxony	Albrecht I der Beherzte
countries	SAX - Saxony	Friedrich August
countries	SAX - Saxony	Christian II
countries	SAX - Saxony	Augustus von Wettin
countries	SAX - Saxony	Friedrich Christian
countries	SAX - Saxony	Johann Georg I
countries	SAX - Saxony	Friedrich II
countries	SAX - Saxony	Maria Jozefa
countries	SAX - Saxony	Friedrich August II
countries	SAX - Saxony	Schönfeld
countries	SAX - Saxony	Albrecht III
countries	SAX - Saxony	von Saxe-Merseburg
countries	SAX - Saxony	Mauritz
countries	SAX - Saxony	Moritz
countries	SAX - Saxony	Johann Georg III
countries	SAX - Saxony	Friedrich I
countries	SAX - Saxony	Friedrich August III
countries	SAX - Saxony	Toppauer
countries	SAX - Saxony	Margaret
countries	SAX - Saxony	Moritz von Wettin
countries	SAX - Saxony	Johann Georg II
countries	SAX - Saxony	Christian
countries	SAX - Saxony	Christian I
countries	SAX - Saxony	Heinrich der Fromme
countries	SAX - Saxony	Georg der Bärtige
countries	SAX - Saxony	F.A. von Cosel
countries	SAX - Saxony	Johann Georg
countries	SAX - Saxony	Albrecht
countries	SAX - Saxony	Friedrich
countries	SAX - Saxony	Johann Georg IV
countries	SAX - Saxony	Anton
countries	SAX - Saxony	F.A. Rutowski
countries	SAX - Saxony	Moritz I
countries	SBA - Shiba	Yoshisada
countries	SBA - Shiba	Yoshisato
countries	SBA - Shiba	Yoshihiro
countries	SBA - Shiba	Yoshitake
countries	SBA - Shiba	Yoshikado
countries	SBA - Shiba	Mogami
countries	SBA - Shiba	Yoshimori
countries	SBA - Shiba	Yoshishige
countries	SBA - Shiba	Yoshimasa
countries	SBA - Shiba	Shiba
countries	SBA - Shiba	Yoshiatsu
countries	SBA - Shiba	Yoshitoshi
countries	SBA - Shiba	Yoshiharu
countries	SBA - Shiba	Kokujin Ikki
countries	SBA - Shiba	Mitsuuji
countries	SBA - Shiba	Takatsune
countries	SBA - Shiba	Yoshiaki
countries	SCO - Scotland	James IV
countries	SCO - Scotland	van Oranje
countries	SCO - Scotland	Mary I
countries	SCO - Scotland	Anne
countries	SCO - Scotland	James
countries	SCO - Scotland	Charles I
countries	SCO - Scotland	Charles II
countries	SCO - Scotland	Berwick
countries	SCO - Scotland	James VII
countries	SCO - Scotland	Archibald Douglas
countries	SCO - Scotland	James III
countries	SCO - Scotland	James VI
countries	SCO - Scotland	Charles
countries	SCO - Scotland	William III
countries	SCO - Scotland	James V
countries	SCO - Scotland	van Egmond
countries	SCO - Scotland	Alexander Leslie
countries	SCO - Scotland	David Leslie
countries	SCO - Scotland	Mary
countries	SCO - Scotland	Malcolm
countries	SCO - Scotland	Stuart
countries	SCO - Scotland	James Hamilton
countries	SCO - Scotland	Robert III
countries	SCO - Scotland	Alexander
countries	SCO - Scotland	Dundee
countries	SCO - Scotland	James VIII
countries	SCO - Scotland	James II
countries	SCO - Scotland	James I
countries	SDY - Sadiya	Karmadhvaj Pal
countries	SDY - Sadiya	Mayuradhvaj Pal
countries	SDY - Sadiya	Chutiya
countries	SDY - Sadiya	Jayadhvaj Pal
countries	SDY - Sadiya	Dhir Narayan
countries	SER - Serbia	Karadordevic
countries	SER - Serbia	Stefan
countries	SER - Serbia	Stefan III
countries	SER - Serbia	Ðurad
countries	SER - Serbia	Kantakouzenos
countries	SER - Serbia	Alexander I
countries	SER - Serbia	Lazar
countries	SER - Serbia	Jovanovic
countries	SER - Serbia	Milosh I
countries	SER - Serbia	Jerina
countries	SER - Serbia	Stefan II
countries	SER - Serbia	Milosh II
countries	SER - Serbia	Jelena
countries	SER - Serbia	Lazar II
countries	SER - Serbia	Stjepan Tomaevic
countries	SER - Serbia	Palaiologos
countries	SER - Serbia	Ðorde I Petrovic
countries	SER - Serbia	Milosh
countries	SER - Serbia	Kotromanic
countries	SER - Serbia	Peter I
countries	SER - Serbia	Lazarevic
countries	SER - Serbia	Ljubica
countries	SER - Serbia	Alexander
countries	SER - Serbia	Brankovic
countries	SER - Serbia	Ðurad I
countries	SER - Serbia	Vukomanovic
countries	SER - Serbia	Obrenovic
countries	SFA - Sofala	Yussuf
countries	SFA - Sofala	Suleiman II
countries	SFA - Sofala	Suleiman I
countries	SFA - Sofala	al-Mawahib
countries	SFA - Sofala	Yussuf I
countries	SHA - Shawnee	Hokoleskwa
countries	SHA - Shawnee	Tecumseh
countries	SHA - Shawnee	Weyapersenwah
countries	SHA - Shawnee	Cottawamago
countries	SHA - Shawnee	Paxinos
countries	SHA - Shawnee	Wynepuechisika
countries	SHL - Holstein	Philipp
countries	SHL - Holstein	Adolf
countries	SHL - Holstein	Christian Albrecht
countries	SHL - Holstein	Heinrich
countries	SHL - Holstein	Gerhard VI
countries	SHL - Holstein	Adolf VIII
countries	SHL - Holstein	von Schauenburg
countries	SHL - Holstein	Friedrich
countries	SHL - Holstein	Karl Friedrich
countries	SHL - Holstein	Heinrich IV
countries	SHL - Holstein	von Oldenburg
countries	SHL - Holstein	Friedrich IV
countries	SHL - Holstein	Friedrich II
countries	SHL - Holstein	Adolf IX
countries	SHL - Holstein	von Holstein-Gottorop
countries	SHL - Holstein	Friedrich III
countries	SHL - Holstein	Karl Peter Ulrich
countries	SHL - Holstein	von Holstein-Gottorp
countries	SHL - Holstein	Johann Adolf
countries	SHL - Holstein	Christian I
countries	SHM - Shammar	Abdullah
countries	SHM - Shammar	Muhammed I
countries	SHM - Shammar	Rashid
countries	SHM - Shammar	Muhammed
countries	SHN - Shoni	Masaie
countries	SHN - Shoni	Nabeshima
countries	SHN - Shoni	Mistusada
countries	SHN - Shoni	Yoshishige
countries	SHN - Shoni	Ryuzoji
countries	SHN - Shoni	Naomasa
countries	SHN - Shoni	Katsushige
countries	SHN - Shoni	Mitsushige
countries	SHN - Shoni	Fuyuhisa
countries	SHN - Shoni	Tsunashige
countries	SHN - Shoni	Naoshige
countries	SHN - Shoni	Suketsugu
countries	SHN - Shoni	Shoni
countries	SHN - Shoni	Masasuke
countries	SHN - Shoni	Fuyusuke
countries	SHN - Shoni	Muneshige
countries	SHN - Shoni	Harushige
countries	SHN - Shoni	Munenori
countries	SHN - Shoni	Shigemochi
countries	SHN - Shoni	Noriyori
countries	SHN - Shoni	Mitsusada
countries	SHN - Shoni	Yorinao
countries	SHN - Shoni	Takanobu
countries	SHN - Shoni	Narinao
countries	SHN - Shoni	Sukemoto
countries	SHN - Shoni	Sadayori
countries	SHO - Shoshone	Native Council
countries	SHR - Sharjah	Sultan I
countries	SHR - Sharjah	al-Qasimi
countries	SHR - Sharjah	al-Hasan
countries	SHR - Sharjah	Rashid
countries	SHR - Sharjah	Sultan
countries	SHR - Sharjah	Saqr
countries	SHR - Sharjah	ah-Husayn
countries	SHR - Sharjah	Saqr I
countries	SHY - Shaybanid	Abu Said
countries	SHY - Shaybanid	Abu'l-Feiz
countries	SHY - Shaybanid	Pir Muhammad II
countries	SHY - Shaybanid	Abdul-Aziz
countries	SHY - Shaybanid	Imam Quli
countries	SHY - Shaybanid	Subhan Quli
countries	SHY - Shaybanid	Pir Muhammad I
countries	SHY - Shaybanid	Nadir Muhammad
countries	SHY - Shaybanid	Vali Muhammad
countries	SHY - Shaybanid	Manghit
countries	SHY - Shaybanid	Abdul-Latif
countries	SHY - Shaybanid	Navruz Ahmad
countries	SHY - Shaybanid	Abdul-Mumin
countries	SHY - Shaybanid	Abu'l-Khayr
countries	SHY - Shaybanid	Genghisid
countries	SHY - Shaybanid	Shaybanid
countries	SHY - Shaybanid	Kochkunju
countries	SHY - Shaybanid	Muhammad Rahim
countries	SHY - Shaybanid	Muhammad
countries	SHY - Shaybanid	Iskandar
countries	SHY - Shaybanid	Shahmurad
countries	SHY - Shaybanid	Ubaydulla
countries	SHY - Shaybanid	Haydar
countries	SHY - Shaybanid	Yadgar
countries	SHY - Shaybanid	Daniyal
countries	SHY - Shaybanid	Abdulla II
countries	SHY - Shaybanid	Ubaydulla II
countries	SHY - Shaybanid	Baqi Muhammad
countries	SHY - Shaybanid	Abdulla I
countries	SIB - Sibir	Muhammad
countries	SIB - Sibir	Shaybanid
countries	SIB - Sibir	Ali
countries	SIB - Sibir	Taibughin
countries	SIB - Sibir	Edigu
countries	SIB - Sibir	Ibak
countries	SIB - Sibir	Kuchum
countries	SIB - Sibir	Qasim
countries	SIC - Sicily	di Savoia
countries	SIC - Sicily	d'Aragó
countries	SIC - Sicily	Maria I
countries	SIC - Sicily	de Bourbon
countries	SIC - Sicily	Vittorio Amedeo II
countries	SIC - Sicily	Ferrante IV
countries	SIE - Siena	Borghese Petrucci
countries	SIE - Siena	John Maria
countries	SIE - Siena	Fabio Petrucci
countries	SIE - Siena	Cesare Borgia
countries	SIE - Siena	Pandolfo Petrucci
countries	SIE - Siena	Repubblica
countries	SIE - Siena	John Galeazzo
countries	SIE - Siena	Raffaele Petrucci
countries	SIE - Siena	Francesco Petrucci
countries	SIL - Silesia	Piast
countries	SIL - Silesia	Fryderyk
countries	SIL - Silesia	Fryderyk IV
countries	SIL - Silesia	Jan Krystian
countries	SIL - Silesia	Jerzy Wilhelm I
countries	SIL - Silesia	Ruprecht II
countries	SIL - Silesia	Jerzy Brzeski
countries	SIL - Silesia	Fryderyk II
countries	SIL - Silesia	Krystian I
countries	SIL - Silesia	Jan I
countries	SIL - Silesia	Joachim Fryderyk I
countries	SIL - Silesia	Ruprecht
countries	SIL - Silesia	Jan
countries	SIL - Silesia	Joachim Fryderyk
countries	SIL - Silesia	Ludwik
countries	SIL - Silesia	Ludwik III
countries	SIL - Silesia	Jan II
countries	SIL - Silesia	Fryderyk III
countries	SIL - Silesia	Jan Krystian I
countries	SIL - Silesia	Henryk IX
countries	SIL - Silesia	Henryk XI
countries	SIL - Silesia	Fryderyk I
countries	SIL - Silesia	Henryk
countries	SIL - Silesia	Jerzy III
countries	SIL - Silesia	Krystian
countries	SIL - Silesia	Jerzy Wilhelm
countries	SIO - Sioux	Native Council
countries	SIS - Sistan	Shams al-Din Muhammad
countries	SIS - Sistan	Mihrabanid
countries	SIS - Sistan	Yahya
countries	SIS - Sistan	Mahmud
countries	SKA - Sakalava	Andrianahilitsy
countries	SKA - Sakalava	Ravahiny
countries	SKA - Sakalava	Rabaratavokoka
countries	SKA - Sakalava	Tombola
countries	SKA - Sakalava	Andriamandazoala
countries	SKA - Sakalava	Andrianamboniarivo
countries	SKA - Sakalava	Andriandahifotsy
countries	SKA - Sakalava	Andrianikeniarivo
countries	SKA - Sakalava	Andrianaginarivo
countries	SKA - Sakalava	Andriamandisoarivo
countries	SKA - Sakalava	Andriamahatindriarivo
countries	SKA - Sakalava	Andrianiveniarivo
countries	SKA - Sakalava	Marorasena
countries	SKA - Sakalava	Andrianihoatra
countries	SKA - Sakalava	Andrianalimbe
countries	SKA - Sakalava	Tsimalomo
countries	SLN - Sligo	RuaidhrÃ­
countries	SLN - Sligo	Donnchadh
countries	SLN - Sligo	Maghnus
countries	SLN - Sligo	O'Conor
countries	SLN - Sligo	Feidhlimidh
countries	SLN - Sligo	Toirdhealbhach
countries	SLN - Sligo	An Calbhach
countries	SLN - Sligo	Tadhg
countries	SLN - Sligo	Domhnall
countries	SLN - Sligo	Domnhnall
countries	SLZ - Salzburg	Jakob von Liechtenstein
countries	SLZ - Salzburg	Hieronymus von Colloredo
countries	SLZ - Salzburg	Ernst von Bayern
countries	SLZ - Salzburg	Georg von Khuenburg
countries	SLZ - Salzburg	Guidobald von Thun
countries	SLZ - Salzburg	Johann III von Gran
countries	SLZ - Salzburg	Johann Jakob von Kuon
countries	SLZ - Salzburg	Michael von Khuenburg
countries	SLZ - Salzburg	Leonhard von Keutschach
countries	SLZ - Salzburg	Friedrich IV
countries	SLZ - Salzburg	Matthaus von Wellenburg
countries	SLZ - Salzburg	Siegmund I von Reisperg
countries	SLZ - Salzburg	Eberhard IV
countries	SLZ - Salzburg	Friedrich von Schaumburg
countries	SLZ - Salzburg	Franz Anton von Harrach
countries	SLZ - Salzburg	Eberhard III
countries	SLZ - Salzburg	Bernhard II von Rohr
countries	SLZ - Salzburg	Siegmund II von Holneck
countries	SLZ - Salzburg	Maximilian von Khuenburg
countries	SLZ - Salzburg	Wolfgang von Rattenau
countries	SLZ - Salzburg	Burkhard von Weisspriach
countries	SLZ - Salzburg	Siegmund III Christof
countries	SLZ - Salzburg	Ferdinand von Österreich
countries	SLZ - Salzburg	Andreas von Dietrichstein
countries	SLZ - Salzburg	Johann II
countries	SLZ - Salzburg	Mark Sittich von Altemps
countries	SLZ - Salzburg	Leopold Anton von Firman
countries	SLZ - Salzburg	Johann Ernst von Thun
countries	SLZ - Salzburg	Gregor Schenk
countries	SLZ - Salzburg	Paris von Lodron
countries	SME - Samthske	Jaqeli
countries	SME - Samthske	Manuchar I
countries	SME - Samthske	Qvarqvare III
countries	SME - Samthske	Qvarqvare II
countries	SME - Samthske	Kaikhosro I
countries	SME - Samthske	Manuchar III
countries	SME - Samthske	Qvarqvare
countries	SME - Samthske	Aghbugha II
countries	SME - Samthske	Manuchar II
countries	SME - Samthske	Mzetchabuki
countries	SME - Samthske	Kaikhosro II
countries	SME - Samthske	Qvarqvare IV
countries	SMO - Smolensk	Rostaslavichi
countries	SMO - Smolensk	Yury I
countries	SMZ - Shimazu	Yoshitaka
countries	SMZ - Shimazu	Ujihisa
countries	SMZ - Shimazu	Shigetoshi
countries	SMZ - Shimazu	Tadataka
countries	SMZ - Shimazu	Shigehide
countries	SMZ - Shimazu	Yoshihiro
countries	SMZ - Shimazu	Tadakuni
countries	SMZ - Shimazu	Sadahisa
countries	SMZ - Shimazu	Katsuhisa
countries	SMZ - Shimazu	Tsunahisa
countries	SMZ - Shimazu	Tatsuhisa
countries	SMZ - Shimazu	Takahisa
countries	SMZ - Shimazu	Shimazu
countries	SMZ - Shimazu	Narioki
countries	SMZ - Shimazu	Narinobu
countries	SMZ - Shimazu	Tadatsune
countries	SMZ - Shimazu	Motohisa
countries	SMZ - Shimazu	Nariakira
countries	SMZ - Shimazu	Tadaharu
countries	SMZ - Shimazu	Munenobu
countries	SMZ - Shimazu	Tadamasa
countries	SMZ - Shimazu	Yoshihisa
countries	SMZ - Shimazu	Mitsuhisa
countries	SMZ - Shimazu	Hisatoyo
countries	SMZ - Shimazu	Tsugutoyo
countries	SMZ - Shimazu	Tsunataka
countries	SND - Sind	Mirza Jani Beg
countries	SND - Sind	Sanjar
countries	SND - Sind	Mir Fath Ali
countries	SND - Sind	Nizam ad-Din II Nanda
countries	SND - Sind	Mirza Muhammad 'Isa
countries	SND - Sind	Shah Shuja' Beg
countries	SND - Sind	Sarfaraz Khan
countries	SND - Sind	Miza Muhammad Baqi
countries	SND - Sind	'Abd Allah Khan
countries	SND - Sind	Nizam ad-Dina Nanada
countries	SND - Sind	Yar Muhammad Khan
countries	SND - Sind	Nur Muhammad
countries	SND - Sind	Sikander
countries	SND - Sind	Kalhora
countries	SND - Sind	Furuz Salah ad-Din
countries	SND - Sind	Talpur
countries	SND - Sind	Arghun
countries	SND - Sind	Muhammad Murad
countries	SND - Sind	Samma
countries	SND - Sind	'Abd an-Nabi Khan
countries	SND - Sind	Tughluq
countries	SND - Sind	'Ali Sher
countries	SND - Sind	Gulam Nabi Khan
countries	SND - Sind	Sarafaraz Khan
countries	SND - Sind	Sikandar
countries	SND - Sind	Shah Husayn
countries	SND - Sind	Gulam Shah
countries	SND - Sind	Fath Khan
countries	SND - Sind	Thara
countries	SND - Sind	Mirza Muhammad Baqi
countries	SOA - Shewa	Kidane Kale
countries	SOA - Shewa	Wossen Seged
countries	SOA - Shewa	Negasi Krestos
countries	SOA - Shewa	Amha Iyasus
countries	SOA - Shewa	Sebestyanos
countries	SOA - Shewa	Asfaw Wossen
countries	SOA - Shewa	Sahle Selassie
countries	SOA - Shewa	Solomonid
countries	SOF - Sofala	Coulibaly
countries	SOF - Sofala	Tonkomo
countries	SOF - Sofala	Ton Mansa Demele
countries	SOF - Sofala	Suma
countries	SOF - Sofala	Denkoro
countries	SOF - Sofala	Kera Djugu
countries	SOF - Sofala	Monson
countries	SOF - Sofala	Kaladyan
countries	SOF - Sofala	Diarra
countries	SOF - Sofala	Bakari
countries	SOF - Sofala	Biton Mamari
countries	SOF - Sofala	Danfasri
countries	SOF - Sofala	Barama N'Golo
countries	SOF - Sofala	Kanyuba Nyama
countries	SOF - Sofala	N'Golo
countries	SOK - Sokoto	'Uthman dan
countries	SOK - Sokoto	Fodio
countries	SON - Songhai	Askiya
countries	SON - Songhai	Aksiya
countries	SON - Songhai	Ismâ'îl I
countries	SON - Songhai	Mûsâ
countries	SON - Songhai	Sonni
countries	SON - Songhai	Mar-Arkana
countries	SON - Songhai	Dâ'ûd II
countries	SON - Songhai	Dâ'ûd III
countries	SON - Songhai	al-Amîn
countries	SON - Songhai	Dâ'ûd I
countries	SON - Songhai	Muhammad II
countries	SON - Songhai	Sulaymân
countries	SON - Songhai	Alî Ber
countries	SON - Songhai	Ishâq I
countries	SON - Songhai	Muhammad
countries	SON - Songhai	'Alî Ber
countries	SON - Songhai	Nûh
countries	SON - Songhai	Muhammad IV
countries	SON - Songhai	Harangi
countries	SON - Songhai	Tomo
countries	SON - Songhai	Bakarî
countries	SON - Songhai	Ismâ'îl II
countries	SON - Songhai	Dâ'ûd IV
countries	SON - Songhai	Mar Arandan
countries	SON - Songhai	Hanga
countries	SON - Songhai	Ishâq II
countries	SON - Songhai	Muhammad III
countries	SON - Songhai	Ishâq
countries	SON - Songhai	Samsu
countries	SON - Songhai	Ismâ'îl
countries	SON - Songhai	Bakari
countries	SON - Songhai	Dâ'ûd
countries	SON - Songhai	Hârûn
countries	SON - Songhai	Muhammad I
countries	SOS - Sus	Barakat
countries	SOS - Sus	al-Tadsi
countries	SOS - Sus	al-Ilighi
countries	SOS - Sus	Abu Hassun
countries	SOS - Sus	Muhammad
countries	SPA - Spain	von Wettin
countries	SPA - Spain	von Habsburg
countries	SPA - Spain	Juan de Grijalva
countries	SPA - Spain	Fernando de Ávalos
countries	SPA - Spain	F.J. Castaños
countries	SPA - Spain	Felipe IV
countries	SPA - Spain	Luis Fajardo
countries	SPA - Spain	Isabella
countries	SPA - Spain	Prospero Colonna
countries	SPA - Spain	Pedro Fernández de Quirós
countries	SPA - Spain	Federico Carlos Gravina
countries	SPA - Spain	Diego de Almagro
countries	SPA - Spain	Rafael Maroto
countries	SPA - Spain	Alvaro de Bazán
countries	SPA - Spain	Maria Isabel
countries	SPA - Spain	de Avis
countries	SPA - Spain	Carlos II
countries	SPA - Spain	Mariano Osorio
countries	SPA - Spain	Marqués de Lede
countries	SPA - Spain	Ambrogio Spinola
countries	SPA - Spain	Condestable Borbón
countries	SPA - Spain	José de Palafox
countries	SPA - Spain	Álvaro de Saavedra Cerón
countries	SPA - Spain	Farnese
countries	SPA - Spain	Bernardo de Gálvez
countries	SPA - Spain	Vicente Yáñez Pinzón
countries	SPA - Spain	João Rodrigues Cabrilho
countries	SPA - Spain	Anna
countries	SPA - Spain	Carlos III
countries	SPA - Spain	de Valois
countries	SPA - Spain	Antonio de Oquendo
countries	SPA - Spain	Tudor
countries	SPA - Spain	Pánfilo de Narváez
countries	SPA - Spain	Pedro Menéndez de Avilés
countries	SPA - Spain	Hernando de Soto
countries	SPA - Spain	Barbara
countries	SPA - Spain	Felipe
countries	SPA - Spain	de Bourbon
countries	SPA - Spain	Juan Sebastián Elcano
countries	SPA - Spain	Nikolaus Federmann
countries	SPA - Spain	Cristóbal de Olid
countries	SPA - Spain	Francisco de Orellana
countries	SPA - Spain	Maria Anna
countries	SPA - Spain	Julie
countries	SPA - Spain	Vasco Núñez de Balboa
countries	SPA - Spain	Mariana
countries	SPA - Spain	Felipe V
countries	SPA - Spain	Antonio de Leyva
countries	SPA - Spain	José I
countries	SPA - Spain	Fadrique Álv. de Toledo
countries	SPA - Spain	Maria Luisa
countries	SPA - Spain	Carlos de Lannoy
countries	SPA - Spain	Pedro de Alvarado
countries	SPA - Spain	Mary
countries	SPA - Spain	Carlos
countries	SPA - Spain	Luis de Córdova
countries	SPA - Spain	L. de Benavides Carrillo
countries	SPA - Spain	Váez de Torres
countries	SPA - Spain	Carlos IV
countries	SPA - Spain	di Savoia
countries	SPA - Spain	Maria Amalia
countries	SPA - Spain	Alonso de Alvarado
countries	SPA - Spain	Agustín Iturbide
countries	SPA - Spain	Marqués de la Victoria
countries	SPA - Spain	Fernando VI
countries	SPA - Spain	de Bragança
countries	SPA - Spain	Sebastián Vizcaíno
countries	SPA - Spain	Fernando VII
countries	SPA - Spain	Ginés de Mafra
countries	SPA - Spain	Sebastián de Belalcázar
countries	SPA - Spain	Hernán Cortés
countries	SPA - Spain	Felipe II
countries	SPA - Spain	Fernando Cardenal-Infante
countries	SPA - Spain	Blas de Lezo
countries	SPA - Spain	von Wittelsbach
countries	SPA - Spain	Nuño de Guzmán
countries	SPA - Spain	Juan de Salcedo
countries	SPA - Spain	Fernão de Magalhães
countries	SPA - Spain	Duque de Medina-Sidonia
countries	SPA - Spain	Ponce de León
countries	SPA - Spain	Juan de Oñate
countries	SPA - Spain	Francisco de Melo
countries	SPA - Spain	Pedro Olañeta
countries	SPA - Spain	Pedro de Mendoza
countries	SPA - Spain	Clary
countries	SPA - Spain	Francisco de Ulloa
countries	SPA - Spain	Silvestre V. de Escalante
countries	SPA - Spain	García Jofre de Loaísa
countries	SPA - Spain	Felipe III
countries	SPA - Spain	G. Jiménez de Quesada
countries	SPA - Spain	Lope de Aguirre
countries	SPA - Spain	Marie Louise
countries	SPA - Spain	Antonio Barceló
countries	SPA - Spain	Álvaro de Mendaña
countries	SPA - Spain	Carlos V
countries	SPA - Spain	Maria Josepha Amalia
countries	SPA - Spain	Francisco de Montejo
countries	SPA - Spain	Martín de Goiti
countries	SPA - Spain	Carlos I
countries	SPA - Spain	Francisco Pizarro
countries	SPA - Spain	Luis I
countries	SPA - Spain	Juan de Austria
countries	SPA - Spain	Elisabeth
countries	SPA - Spain	Gonzalo Pizarro
countries	SPA - Spain	Francisco V. de Coronado
countries	SPA - Spain	Alessandro Farnese
countries	SPA - Spain	Juan José de Austria
countries	SPA - Spain	Álvar Cabeza de Vaca
countries	SPA - Spain	Francisco de Montejo Sob.
countries	SPA - Spain	Margaret
countries	SPA - Spain	Luis
countries	SPA - Spain	Duque de Alba
countries	SPA - Spain	Fernando
countries	SPA - Spain	Francisco de Montejo Hijo
countries	SPA - Spain	E. Filiberto di Savoia
countries	SPA - Spain	Gaspar de Portolá
countries	SPA - Spain	Juan Díaz de Solís
countries	SPA - Spain	Bernardino de Mendoza
countries	SPA - Spain	Pedro Enríquez de Acevedo
countries	SPA - Spain	Pedro de Valdivia
countries	SPA - Spain	Ruy López de Villalobos
countries	SPA - Spain	Miguel López de Legazpi
countries	SPI - SardiniaPiedmont	Carlo Felice
countries	SPI - SardiniaPiedmont	di Savoia
countries	SPI - SardiniaPiedmont	Carlo Emanuele
countries	SPI - SardiniaPiedmont	Carlo S. Leutrum
countries	SPI - SardiniaPiedmont	Michel Colli
countries	SPI - SardiniaPiedmont	Vittorio Emanuele
countries	SPI - SardiniaPiedmont	Vittorio Amedeo
countries	SPI - SardiniaPiedmont	Carlo Emanuele III
countries	SPI - SardiniaPiedmont	Carlo Emanuele IV
countries	SPI - SardiniaPiedmont	Vittorio Emanuele I
countries	SPI - SardiniaPiedmont	Vittorio Amedeo II
countries	SPI - SardiniaPiedmont	Vittorio Amedeo III
countries	SRU - Saruhan	Saruhanoglu
countries	SRU - Saruhan	Hizir I
countries	SRV - Shirvan	Ibrahim II
countries	SRV - Shirvan	Hajji Muhammad Ali
countries	SRV - Shirvan	Aghasi
countries	SRV - Shirvan	Qasim
countries	SRV - Shirvan	Farrukhsiyar Khalil I
countries	SRV - Shirvan	Ghazi Farrukhsiyar
countries	SRV - Shirvan	Bahram Farrukhsiyar
countries	SRV - Shirvan	Ibrahim I
countries	SRV - Shirvan	Derbendid
countries	SRV - Shirvan	Mahmud Ghazi
countries	SRV - Shirvan	Ibrahim III
countries	SRV - Shirvan	Ibrahim
countries	SRV - Shirvan	Askar
countries	SRV - Shirvan	Sarkar
countries	SRV - Shirvan	Farrukhsiyar Khalil
countries	SRV - Shirvan	Ibrahim I Muhammad
countries	SST - Shan	Sao Awk
countries	SST - Shan	Sao Hung Pha
countries	SST - Shan	Sawlon II
countries	SST - Shan	Sao Mong Hka
countries	SST - Shan	Sao In Hkam
countries	SST - Shan	Sao Mong Saik
countries	SST - Shan	Kengtung
countries	SST - Shan	Sao Mong Sin
countries	SST - Shan	Sao Mong Hsam
countries	SST - Shan	Mong Yang
countries	SST - Shan	Sao Maha Hkanan
countries	SST - Shan	Sawlon
countries	SST - Shan	Sao On
countries	SST - Shan	Maung Nyo
countries	SST - Shan	Sao Kawng Tai
countries	SST - Shan	Sao Hkham Tao
countries	SST - Shan	Sao Mong Hkak
countries	SST - Shan	Hpaya Kiao
countries	SST - Shan	Sao Hsam Hpi
countries	STK - Satake	Yoshizumi
countries	STK - Satake	Yoshitaka
countries	STK - Satake	Yoshihiro
countries	STK - Satake	Yoshikiyo
countries	STK - Satake	Yoshimori
countries	STK - Satake	Sadayoshi
countries	STK - Satake	Yoshihito
countries	STK - Satake	Yoshinao
countries	STK - Satake	Yoshishige
countries	STK - Satake	Yoshiaki
countries	STK - Satake	Yoshitoshi
countries	STK - Satake	Yoshiatsu
countries	STK - Satake	Yoshiharu
countries	STK - Satake	Yoshimasa
countries	STK - Satake	Yoshimine
countries	STK - Satake	Yoshitada
countries	STK - Satake	Satake
countries	STK - Satake	Yoshinobu
countries	STY - Styria	von Habsburg
countries	STY - Styria	Ernst I
countries	STY - Styria	Friedrich III
countries	STY - Styria	Wilhelm I
countries	SUK - Sukhothai	Rama T'ibodi II
countries	SUK - Sukhothai	Thammaracha
countries	SUK - Sukhothai	Suphannaphum
countries	SUK - Sukhothai	Borommaracha
countries	SUK - Sukhothai	Thammaracha II
countries	SUK - Sukhothai	Borommaracha IV
countries	SUK - Sukhothai	Ramathibodi II
countries	SUK - Sukhothai	Borommaracha III
countries	SUK - Sukhothai	Thammaracha III
countries	SUK - Sukhothai	Thammaracha IV
countries	SUK - Sukhothai	Phya Saileuthai
countries	SUK - Sukhothai	Phra Ruang
countries	SUK - Sukhothai	Athittayawong
countries	SUK - Sukhothai	Trailokanat
countries	SUK - Sukhothai	Ramathibodi
countries	SUL - Sulu	Shihab ud Din
countries	SUL - Sulu	Salah ud Din Bakhtiyar
countries	SUL - Sulu	Amirul Umara
countries	SUL - Sulu	Muhammad Alimuddin
countries	SUL - Sulu	Muizz ud Din Bantilan
countries	SUL - Sulu	Sharif ul Hashim
countries	SUL - Sulu	Muwallit Wasit
countries	SUL - Sulu	Batarah Shah Tengah
countries	SUL - Sulu	Shairf Sayyid Ala ud Din
countries	SUL - Sulu	Kamal ud Din
countries	SUL - Sulu	Muhammad Badaruddin
countries	SUL - Sulu	Muhammad Israil
countries	SUL - Sulu	Muizz ul Mutawadiin
countries	SUL - Sulu	Aliyuddin I
countries	SUL - Sulu	Nasir ud Din I
countries	SUL - Sulu	Adinda
countries	SUL - Sulu	Muhammad Nasr ud Din
countries	SUL - Sulu	Shakirullah
countries	SUL - Sulu	Azimuddin I
countries	SUL - Sulu	Muhammad al Halim
countries	SUL - Sulu	Nasir ud Din
countries	SUL - Sulu	Muwallit Wasit I
countries	SUL - Sulu	Aliyuddin
countries	SUL - Sulu	Muhammad Sharafuddin
countries	SUL - Sulu	Muhammad Alimuddin I
countries	SUL - Sulu	Amirul Umara I
countries	SUL - Sulu	Azimuddin
countries	SUL - Sulu	Muhammad Badaruddin I
countries	SUL - Sulu	Mustafa Shafi
countries	SUL - Sulu	Muhammad Nasr ud Din III
countries	SUL - Sulu	Sharif Sayyid Ala ud Din
countries	SUN - Sunda	Ratu Dewata
countries	SUN - Sunda	Ratu Sakti
countries	SUN - Sunda	Prabu Surawisesa Jayaperkosa
countries	SUN - Sunda	Nilakendra
countries	SUN - Sunda	Mangkubumi Suradipati
countries	SUN - Sunda	Mulya
countries	SUN - Sunda	Sri Baduga Maharaja
countries	SUN - Sunda	Sunda
countries	SUS - Susquehannock	Native Council
countries	SWE - Sweden	Fredrik von Fersen
countries	SWE - Sweden	von Habsburg
countries	SWE - Sweden	Askanier
countries	SWE - Sweden	Lars Gathenhielm
countries	SWE - Sweden	Ingeborg
countries	SWE - Sweden	Leijonhufvud
countries	SWE - Sweden	Fredrik I
countries	SWE - Sweden	Gunilla
countries	SWE - Sweden	von Hohenzollern
countries	SWE - Sweden	Gustav Adolf
countries	SWE - Sweden	Karl
countries	SWE - Sweden	Pontus de la Gardie
countries	SWE - Sweden	Lennart Torstensson
countries	SWE - Sweden	Mette
countries	SWE - Sweden	von Holstein-Gottorp
countries	SWE - Sweden	Gustaf Armfeldt
countries	SWE - Sweden	Lars Eriksson
countries	SWE - Sweden	Rutger von Ascheberg
countries	SWE - Sweden	Hans H. von Essen
countries	SWE - Sweden	Anna
countries	SWE - Sweden	Desideria
countries	SWE - Sweden	Ture Turesson
countries	SWE - Sweden	Adam Lewenhaupt
countries	SWE - Sweden	Sten Svantesson
countries	SWE - Sweden	Fredrika
countries	SWE - Sweden	Karl VIII
countries	SWE - Sweden	Johan
countries	SWE - Sweden	Tott
countries	SWE - Sweden	Gustav IV Adolf
countries	SWE - Sweden	Carl J. Adlercreutz
countries	SWE - Sweden	Adolf Fredrik
countries	SWE - Sweden	Gustav II Adolf
countries	SWE - Sweden	Johan III
countries	SWE - Sweden	Christina
countries	SWE - Sweden	Gumsehuvud
countries	SWE - Sweden	Sofia Magdalena
countries	SWE - Sweden	J.B. Bernadotte
countries	SWE - Sweden	Abrahamsson
countries	SWE - Sweden	Jakob Bagge
countries	SWE - Sweden	Karin
countries	SWE - Sweden	Sandels
countries	SWE - Sweden	Sten Gustavsson
countries	SWE - Sweden	Kettil Karlsson
countries	SWE - Sweden	Gustav III
countries	SWE - Sweden	Bernadotte
countries	SWE - Sweden	Gustav Otto Stenbock
countries	SWE - Sweden	Georg C. von Döbeln
countries	SWE - Sweden	Svante Nilsson
countries	SWE - Sweden	Johan Banér
countries	SWE - Sweden	Karl X Gustav
countries	SWE - Sweden	Sigismund III
countries	SWE - Sweden	Klas Horn
countries	SWE - Sweden	Arvid
countries	SWE - Sweden	Karl XII
countries	SWE - Sweden	Johan P. Björnsson
countries	SWE - Sweden	Månsdotter
countries	SWE - Sweden	Evert Horn
countries	SWE - Sweden	Agustin Ehrensvärd
countries	SWE - Sweden	Hemming Gadh
countries	SWE - Sweden	Carl Gustaf Wrangel
countries	SWE - Sweden	Beata
countries	SWE - Sweden	Jagiellon
countries	SWE - Sweden	Lovisa Ulrika
countries	SWE - Sweden	Karl XI
countries	SWE - Sweden	Bonde
countries	SWE - Sweden	Henrik af Trolle
countries	SWE - Sweden	von Oldenburg
countries	SWE - Sweden	von Wittelsbach
countries	SWE - Sweden	Karl XIV Johan
countries	SWE - Sweden	Bielke
countries	SWE - Sweden	Toll
countries	SWE - Sweden	Wachtmeister
countries	SWE - Sweden	Arvid Wittenberg
countries	SWE - Sweden	Karl IX
countries	SWE - Sweden	Henrik Horn
countries	SWE - Sweden	Sigismund
countries	SWE - Sweden	von Zähringen
countries	SWE - Sweden	Kristina
countries	SWE - Sweden	Berendt von Mehlen
countries	SWE - Sweden	Clary
countries	SWE - Sweden	Hedvig Eleonora
countries	SWE - Sweden	Fredrik
countries	SWE - Sweden	Katarina
countries	SWE - Sweden	Bernhard
countries	SWE - Sweden	Maria Eleonora
countries	SWE - Sweden	Klas L. Fleming
countries	SWE - Sweden	Erik Axelsson
countries	SWE - Sweden	Gustav I
countries	SWE - Sweden	Herman Wrangel
countries	SWE - Sweden	H.M. von Buddenbrock
countries	SWE - Sweden	Hedvig Elisabeth Charlotta
countries	SWE - Sweden	Hans Boije af Gennäs
countries	SWE - Sweden	Arvid Bernhard Horn
countries	SWE - Sweden	Gyllenstierna
countries	SWE - Sweden	Erik
countries	SWE - Sweden	Charles Lewenhaupt
countries	SWE - Sweden	Johan T. Tre Rosor
countries	SWE - Sweden	von Hesse-Kassel
countries	SWE - Sweden	Erik XIV
countries	SWE - Sweden	Gustav Horn
countries	SWE - Sweden	Stenbock
countries	SWE - Sweden	Karl Horn
countries	SWE - Sweden	Vasa
countries	SWE - Sweden	Gustav
countries	SWE - Sweden	H.C. von Königsmarck
countries	SWE - Sweden	Elin
countries	SWE - Sweden	Bo Grip
countries	SWE - Sweden	Trolle
countries	SWE - Sweden	Oxenstierna
countries	SWE - Sweden	Jöns Bengtsson
countries	SWE - Sweden	Ulrika Eleonora
countries	SWE - Sweden	Sture
countries	SWE - Sweden	Karl XIII
countries	SWE - Sweden	Dyre
countries	SWE - Sweden	Charles de Mornay
countries	SWE - Sweden	Carl C. Gyllenhielm
countries	SWI - Switzerland	Die Tagsatzung
countries	SYG - Sarigyogir	Bayan Temur
countries	SYO - Soyo	Miguel I
countries	SYO - Soyo	Daniel I
countries	SYO - Soyo	Daniel
countries	SYO - Soyo	Paulo II
countries	SYO - Soyo	Paulo
countries	SYO - Soyo	Mani
countries	SYO - Soyo	Manuel I
countries	SYO - Soyo	Soyo
countries	SYO - Soyo	Paulo I
countries	SYO - Soyo	Miguel
countries	SYO - Soyo	Silva
countries	SYO - Soyo	Daniel II
countries	TAB - Tabarestan	Kamal al-Din
countries	TAB - Tabarestan	Hasan
countries	TAB - Tabarestan	Murad II
countries	TAB - Tabarestan	Khayr al-Nisa
countries	TAB - Tabarestan	Muhammad ibn Rustam Ruzafzun
countries	TAB - Tabarestan	Mir Ali Khan
countries	TAB - Tabarestan	Kamal al-Din II
countries	TAB - Tabarestan	Zayn al-Abidin
countries	TAB - Tabarestan	Marashi
countries	TAB - Tabarestan	Shams al-Din II
countries	TAB - Tabarestan	Asad Allah
countries	TAB - Tabarestan	Shams al-Din
countries	TAB - Tabarestan	Agha Muhammad ibn Rustam Ruzafzun
countries	TAB - Tabarestan	Murad I
countries	TAB - Tabarestan	Ibrahim
countries	TAB - Tabarestan	Murtada
countries	TAB - Tabarestan	Abd al-Karim II
countries	TAB - Tabarestan	Mir Mahmud Khan
countries	TAB - Tabarestan	Abd Allah II
countries	TAR - Tarascan	Zuangua
countries	TAR - Tarascan	Tangaxuan
countries	TAR - Tarascan	Tangaxuan II
countries	TAR - Tarascan	Uacusecha
countries	TAR - Tarascan	Tzitzipandaquare
countries	TAU - Taungu	Thalun
countries	TAU - Taungu	Hanthawaddy
countries	TAU - Taungu	Pantaung
countries	TAU - Taungu	Minredeippa
countries	TAU - Taungu	Thinkhaya III
countries	TAU - Taungu	Thiri Zaya Thura
countries	TAU - Taungu	Pindale
countries	TAU - Taungu	Minyekyawdin
countries	TAU - Taungu	Phaungkaza
countries	TAU - Taungu	Anaukpetlun
countries	TAU - Taungu	Mingyinyo
countries	TAU - Taungu	Alaungpaya
countries	TAU - Taungu	Uzana
countries	TAU - Taungu	Letya Zala Thingyan
countries	TAU - Taungu	Min Nemi
countries	TAU - Taungu	Min Sithu
countries	TAU - Taungu	Minyedeippa
countries	TAU - Taungu	Letya Zeya Thingyan
countries	TAU - Taungu	Thinkhaya I
countries	TAU - Taungu	Tharrawaddy
countries	TAU - Taungu	Tabinshwehti
countries	TAU - Taungu	Singu
countries	TAU - Taungu	Bayinnaung
countries	TAU - Taungu	Nyaungyan Min
countries	TAU - Taungu	Thinkhaya II
countries	TAU - Taungu	Mahadhammaraza Dipadi
countries	TAU - Taungu	Minye Thihathu
countries	TAU - Taungu	Konbaung
countries	TAU - Taungu	Naugdawgyi
countries	TAU - Taungu	Taninganway
countries	TAU - Taungu	Bagyidaw
countries	TAU - Taungu	Sanay
countries	TAU - Taungu	Minkhaung Nge
countries	TAU - Taungu	Thaulun
countries	TAU - Taungu	Nanda Bayin
countries	TAU - Taungu	Hsinbyushin
countries	TAU - Taungu	Nyaungyan
countries	TAU - Taungu	Taungu
countries	TAU - Taungu	Narawara
countries	TAU - Taungu	Minnge Kyawhtin
countries	TAU - Taungu	Sithu Kyawhtin
countries	TAU - Taungu	Pye
countries	TAU - Taungu	Bodawpaya
countries	TAU - Taungu	Tarabya
countries	TAU - Taungu	Saw Oo II
countries	TBK - Tumbuka	Ziwange
countries	TBK - Tumbuka	Mwakalosi
countries	TBK - Tumbuka	Chikulamayembe
countries	TBK - Tumbuka	Kyungu
countries	TBK - Tumbuka	Kasyombe
countries	TBK - Tumbuka	Magemo II
countries	TBK - Tumbuka	Kasyombe II
countries	TBK - Tumbuka	Kisindile
countries	TBK - Tumbuka	Mwangonde II
countries	TBK - Tumbuka	Magemo
countries	TBK - Tumbuka	Gonapamuhanya
countries	TBR - Tabriz	Najaf Qoli II
countries	TBR - Tabriz	Khodadad
countries	TBR - Tabriz	Hossein Qoli
countries	TBR - Tabriz	Jafar Qoli
countries	TBR - Tabriz	Donboli
countries	TBR - Tabriz	Najaf Qoli
countries	TDO - Tondo	Kalingitan
countries	TDO - Tondo	Magat Salamat
countries	TDO - Tondo	Tondo
countries	TDO - Tondo	Lontok
countries	TDO - Tondo	Dula
countries	TDO - Tondo	Namayan
countries	TDO - Tondo	Laboy
countries	TER - Ternate	Marhum
countries	TER - Ternate	Muhammad Ali
countries	TER - Ternate	Abu Hayat
countries	TER - Ternate	Harun Shah
countries	TER - Ternate	Manilha
countries	TER - Ternate	Komala Pulu
countries	TER - Ternate	Tabariji
countries	TER - Ternate	Hidayatullah
countries	TER - Ternate	Zainal Abidin
countries	TER - Ternate	Babullah Datu Shah
countries	TER - Ternate	Jalaluddin
countries	TER - Ternate	Said Barakat Shah
countries	TER - Ternate	Gapi
countries	TER - Ternate	Syah Mardan
countries	TER - Ternate	Sibori
countries	TER - Ternate	Muzaffar Shah
countries	TER - Ternate	Amir Iskandar Zulkarnain Saifuddin
countries	TER - Ternate	Mandar Shah
countries	TER - Ternate	Achral
countries	TER - Ternate	Khairun Jamil
countries	TER - Ternate	Muhammad Yasin
countries	TER - Ternate	Bayanullah
countries	TER - Ternate	Hamzah
countries	TER - Ternate	Said Fathullah
countries	TER - Ternate	Ayan Shah
countries	TEU - Teutonic Order	Martin von Wetzhausen
countries	TEU - Teutonic Order	Michael Küchmeister
countries	TEU - Teutonic Order	Heinrich Reuss von Plauen
countries	TEU - Teutonic Order	Heinrich von Plauen
countries	TEU - Teutonic Order	Johann von Tiefen
countries	TEU - Teutonic Order	Konrad von Jungingen
countries	TEU - Teutonic Order	W. von Plettenberg
countries	TEU - Teutonic Order	Paul von Rusdorf
countries	TEU - Teutonic Order	Friedrich von Sachsen
countries	TEU - Teutonic Order	Albrecht von Hohenzollern
countries	TEU - Teutonic Order	Ulrich von Jungingen
countries	TEU - Teutonic Order	Ludwig von Erlichschausen
countries	TEU - Teutonic Order	Konrad von Erlichshausen
countries	TEU - Teutonic Order	Heinrich Reffle von Richtenberg
countries	TFL - Tafilalt	Ahmad
countries	TFL - Tafilalt	Abdallah al-Ghalib
countries	TFL - Tafilalt	Muhammad ibn Sharif
countries	TFL - Tafilalt	Mohammed ash-Sheikh
countries	TFL - Tafilalt	Ahmad al-Araj
countries	TFL - Tafilalt	ar-Rashid
countries	TFL - Tafilalt	Moulay Ali Cherif
countries	TFL - Tafilalt	Muhammad al-Qaim
countries	TFL - Tafilalt	Abdallah
countries	TFL - Tafilalt	Saadi
countries	TFL - Tafilalt	Muhammad
countries	TFL - Tafilalt	Alaouite
countries	TFL - Tafilalt	Mohammed
countries	TGT - Touggourt	Mubarak
countries	TGT - Touggourt	Amir II
countries	TGT - Touggourt	Umar bin Muhammad II
countries	TGT - Touggourt	Farhat
countries	TGT - Touggourt	Abd al-Kadir
countries	TGT - Touggourt	Ahmad IV
countries	TGT - Touggourt	Sulayman
countries	TGT - Touggourt	Khalid
countries	TGT - Touggourt	Ibrahim
countries	TGT - Touggourt	Abd al-Kadir II
countries	TGT - Touggourt	Muhammad II
countries	TGT - Touggourt	Ibrahim II
countries	TGT - Touggourt	Ali III
countries	TGT - Touggourt	Sulayman III
countries	TGT - Touggourt	Muhammad
countries	TGT - Touggourt	Farhat II
countries	TGT - Touggourt	Ahmad
countries	TGT - Touggourt	Umar bin Kumetin
countries	TGT - Touggourt	Beni Djellab
countries	TGT - Touggourt	Muhammad al-`Akhal
countries	TGT - Touggourt	Ahmad II
countries	TGT - Touggourt	Umar bin Muhammad
countries	TGT - Touggourt	Muhammad III
countries	TGT - Touggourt	Abd al-Qadir Ahmad
countries	TGT - Touggourt	Amir
countries	TGT - Touggourt	Mustafa
countries	TGT - Touggourt	Ahmad VI
countries	TGT - Touggourt	Ali
countries	THU - Thuringia	Johann Ernst
countries	THU - Thuringia	von Wettin
countries	THU - Thuringia	Johann Wilhelm
countries	THU - Thuringia	Balthasar I
countries	THU - Thuringia	Johann I
countries	THU - Thuringia	Friedrich III
countries	THU - Thuringia	Wilhelm Ernst
countries	THU - Thuringia	Ernst I
countries	THU - Thuringia	Karl August
countries	THU - Thuringia	Johann Ernst I
countries	THU - Thuringia	Friedrich IV
countries	THU - Thuringia	Johann Ernst II
countries	THU - Thuringia	Ernst August II
countries	THU - Thuringia	Ernst August
countries	THU - Thuringia	Friedrich Wilhelm I
countries	THU - Thuringia	Johann Wilhelm I
countries	THU - Thuringia	Wilhelm III
countries	THU - Thuringia	Wilhelm IV
countries	THU - Thuringia	Friedrich V
countries	THU - Thuringia	Ernst August I
countries	THU - Thuringia	Johann Friedrich I
countries	THU - Thuringia	Johann Friedrich
countries	THU - Thuringia	August of Saxony's Regency
countries	THU - Thuringia	Anna Amalia's Regency
countries	THU - Thuringia	Friedrich
countries	THU - Thuringia	Johann III
countries	THU - Thuringia	Johann
countries	THU - Thuringia	Ernst
countries	THU - Thuringia	Wilhelm
countries	THU - Thuringia	Friedrich Wilhelm
countries	TIB - Tibet	Luntok Gyatso
countries	TIB - Tibet	Töndap Tseten
countries	TIB - Tibet	Kezang Gyatso
countries	TIB - Tibet	Gyurme Namgyal
countries	TIB - Tibet	Karma Tsen-Kyong
countries	TIB - Tibet	Gendun Drup
countries	TIB - Tibet	Phola Sonam Tobgye
countries	TIB - Tibet	Tenzin Dalai
countries	TIB - Tibet	Karma Tseten
countries	TIB - Tibet	Phüntso Namgye
countries	TIB - Tibet	Tsewang Arabtan
countries	TIB - Tibet	Lhabzang
countries	TIB - Tibet	Jampel Gyatso
countries	TIB - Tibet	Gursi
countries	TIB - Tibet	Sangye Gyantesen Pal
countries	TIB - Tibet	Ngawang Namgye
countries	TIB - Tibet	Dayan
countries	TIB - Tibet	Lhawang Dorje
countries	TIB - Tibet	Dön-yö Dorje
countries	TIB - Tibet	Trakpa Chunge
countries	TIB - Tibet	Tshultrin Gyatso
countries	TID - Tidore	Harun Shah
countries	TID - Tidore	Abu Hayat
countries	TID - Tidore	Tidore
countries	TID - Tidore	Manilha
countries	TID - Tidore	Muhammad Ali
countries	TID - Tidore	Khairun Jamil
countries	TID - Tidore	Muhammad Yasin
countries	TID - Tidore	Tabariji
countries	TID - Tidore	Marhum
countries	TID - Tidore	Bayanullah
countries	TID - Tidore	Hamzah
countries	TID - Tidore	Saifuddin
countries	TID - Tidore	Said Barakat Shah
countries	TID - Tidore	Said Fathullah
countries	TIM - Timurid Empire	Timur
countries	TIM - Timurid Empire	Shah Rukh
countries	TIM - Timurid Empire	Humâyûn
countries	TIM - Timurid Empire	'Ali
countries	TIM - Timurid Empire	Miran Shah
countries	TIM - Timurid Empire	Ulugh Beg
countries	TIM - Timurid Empire	Khalil
countries	TIM - Timurid Empire	Goharshad
countries	TIM - Timurid Empire	Bây Sunqur
countries	TIM - Timurid Empire	Khalil Sultan
countries	TIM - Timurid Empire	Ala al-Dawla Abd Allah
countries	TIM - Timurid Empire	Abû Sa'id
countries	TIM - Timurid Empire	Muhammad
countries	TIM - Timurid Empire	Ahmad
countries	TIM - Timurid Empire	'Abdal-Latif
countries	TIM - Timurid Empire	Tarkhan
countries	TIM - Timurid Empire	Mas'ud
countries	TIM - Timurid Empire	Timurid
countries	TIM - Timurid Empire	Mahmud
countries	TIM - Timurid Empire	Bâbur
countries	TIM - Timurid Empire	'Abd Allâh Mîrzâ
countries	TIR - Tyrol	Rudolf
countries	TIR - Tyrol	Sigismund Francis
countries	TIR - Tyrol	Wilhelm I
countries	TIR - Tyrol	Sigismund I
countries	TIR - Tyrol	von Habsburg
countries	TIR - Tyrol	Leopold V
countries	TIR - Tyrol	Friedrich IV
countries	TIR - Tyrol	Claudia de' Medici
countries	TIR - Tyrol	Friedrich V
countries	TIR - Tyrol	Karl I
countries	TIR - Tyrol	Ferdinand II
countries	TIR - Tyrol	Ferdinand Charles
countries	TIR - Tyrol	Maximilian I
countries	TIR - Tyrol	Ferdinand I
countries	TIR - Tyrol	Maximilian II
countries	TKD - Takeda	Nobutsuna
countries	TKD - Takeda	Nobukatsu
countries	TKD - Takeda	Nobunari
countries	TKD - Takeda	Nobutake
countries	TKD - Takeda	Katsuyori
countries	TKD - Takeda	Toki
countries	TKD - Takeda	Nobushige
countries	TKD - Takeda	Harunobu
countries	TKD - Takeda	Yoshinobu
countries	TKD - Takeda	Nobumitsu
countries	TKD - Takeda	Nobumasa
countries	TKD - Takeda	Takeda
countries	TKD - Takeda	Nobumori
countries	TKD - Takeda	Nobutora
countries	TKD - Takeda	Nobuharu
countries	TKG - Tokugawa	Ietsugu
countries	TKG - Tokugawa	Ieyoshi
countries	TKG - Tokugawa	Matsudaira
countries	TKG - Tokugawa	Ieshige
countries	TKG - Tokugawa	Chikatada
countries	TKG - Tokugawa	Hidetada
countries	TKG - Tokugawa	Ienobu
countries	TKG - Tokugawa	Kiyoyasu
countries	TKG - Tokugawa	Ieyasu
countries	TKG - Tokugawa	Tsunayoshi
countries	TKG - Tokugawa	Ienari
countries	TKG - Tokugawa	Nobuyasu
countries	TKG - Tokugawa	Nobumitsu
countries	TKG - Tokugawa	Tokugawa
countries	TKG - Tokugawa	Iemitsu
countries	TKG - Tokugawa	Ieharu
countries	TKG - Tokugawa	Yoshimune
countries	TKG - Tokugawa	Nobutada
countries	TKG - Tokugawa	Hirotada
countries	TKG - Tokugawa	Ietsuna
countries	TKG - Tokugawa	Nagachika
countries	TKI - Toki	Yorimasu
countries	TKI - Toki	Yoritoo
countries	TKI - Toki	Nasafusa
countries	TKI - Toki	Yoriyasu
countries	TKI - Toki	Yorinori
countries	TKI - Toki	Toki
countries	TKI - Toki	Yasuyuki
countries	TKI - Toki	Tatsuoki
countries	TKI - Toki	Toshimasa
countries	TKI - Toki	Yoritada
countries	TKI - Toki	Shigeyori
countries	TKI - Toki	Yoshitatsu
countries	TKI - Toki	Saito
countries	TKI - Toki	Mochimasu
countries	TKI - Toki	Masafusa
countries	TKI - Toki	Yoritake
countries	TLA - Tlapanec	Jituh Zniá
countries	TLC - Tlemcen	Muhammad VI
countries	TLC - Tlemcen	Muhammad V
countries	TLC - Tlemcen	al-Hasan
countries	TLC - Tlemcen	Ahmad II
countries	TLC - Tlemcen	Ahmad III
countries	TLC - Tlemcen	'Abd Allâh III
countries	TLC - Tlemcen	Zayyanid
countries	TLC - Tlemcen	Abdallah I
countries	TLC - Tlemcen	Muhammad VII
countries	TLC - Tlemcen	Muhammad III
countries	TLC - Tlemcen	Abd al-Wahid
countries	TLC - Tlemcen	Muhammad IV
countries	TLC - Tlemcen	Mûsa III
countries	TLX - Tlaxcala	Xicotencatl II
countries	TLX - Tlaxcala	Xicotencatl
countries	TLX - Tlaxcala	Tizatlan
countries	TLX - Tlaxcala	Xayacamach
countries	TLX - Tlaxcala	Xicotencatl the younger
countries	TLX - Tlaxcala	Aztahua
countries	TMB - Timbuktu	Al-Hajj
countries	TMB - Timbuktu	Muhammad II al-Sadiq
countries	TMB - Timbuktu	Da'ud
countries	TMB - Timbuktu	Muhammad al-Sadiq
countries	TMB - Timbuktu	'Abd al-Rahman
countries	TMB - Timbuktu	Muhammad Banakanu
countries	TMB - Timbuktu	Al-Mukhtar
countries	TMB - Timbuktu	Akil
countries	TMB - Timbuktu	Askia
countries	TMB - Timbuktu	Al-Hajj II Muhammad
countries	TMB - Timbuktu	Bakr
countries	TMB - Timbuktu	Al-Hajj III
countries	TMB - Timbuktu	Bakari
countries	TMB - Timbuktu	Muhammad
countries	TMB - Timbuktu	Muhammad I Banakanu
countries	TMB - Timbuktu	Al-Hajj I
countries	TMB - Timbuktu	Mahmud
countries	TMB - Timbuktu	Akamalwal
countries	TMB - Timbuktu	'Ali Zalil
countries	TMB - Timbuktu	Muhammad III
countries	TOK - Tonkin	Tag
countries	TOK - Tonkin	Kai
countries	TOK - Tonkin	Sam
countries	TOK - Tonkin	Giang
countries	TOK - Tonkin	Cuong
countries	TOK - Tonkin	Tung
countries	TOK - Tonkin	Can
countries	TOK - Tonkin	Kiem
countries	TOK - Tonkin	Trinh
countries	TOK - Tonkin	Bong
countries	TOK - Tonkin	Tac
countries	TOK - Tonkin	Trang
countries	TOK - Tonkin	Doanh
countries	TOT - Totonac	Acamapichtli Panitzin
countries	TPA - Tupinamba	Native Council
countries	TPQ - Tupiniquim	Native Council
countries	TPQ - Tupiniquim	Tibiriçá
countries	TPR - Tripura	Satrrudaman
countries	TPR - Tripura	Kalyan
countries	TPR - Tripura	Narendra
countries	TPR - Tripura	Dhwaj
countries	TPR - Tripura	Mukunda
countries	TPR - Tripura	Vijy
countries	TPR - Tripura	Pratap
countries	TPR - Tripura	Rajdhar
countries	TPR - Tripura	Amar
countries	TPR - Tripura	Ramdev
countries	TPR - Tripura	Dhanya
countries	TPR - Tripura	Manikya
countries	TPR - Tripura	Krishna
countries	TPR - Tripura	Ananta
countries	TPR - Tripura	Jashodhar
countries	TPR - Tripura	Gobinda
countries	TPR - Tripura	Chhatra
countries	TPR - Tripura	Dharma
countries	TPR - Tripura	Vijay
countries	TPR - Tripura	Udai
countries	TPR - Tripura	Indra
countries	TPR - Tripura	Jai
countries	TPR - Tripura	Debmanikya
countries	TPR - Tripura	Mahendra
countries	TPR - Tripura	Ratna
countries	TRA - Transylvania	Gábor
countries	TRA - Transylvania	Báthory
countries	TRA - Transylvania	Christofer
countries	TRA - Transylvania	Interregnum
countries	TRA - Transylvania	Rákóczy
countries	TRA - Transylvania	Viteazul
countries	TRA - Transylvania	Mihai
countries	TRA - Transylvania	Ferenc I
countries	TRA - Transylvania	Stibor
countries	TRA - Transylvania	János II
countries	TRA - Transylvania	Sigismund
countries	TRA - Transylvania	Bethlen
countries	TRA - Transylvania	János I
countries	TRA - Transylvania	János Hunyadi
countries	TRA - Transylvania	János
countries	TRA - Transylvania	István
countries	TRA - Transylvania	Miklós
countries	TRA - Transylvania	de Stiboricz
countries	TRA - Transylvania	Bocskai
countries	TRA - Transylvania	Zápolya
countries	TRA - Transylvania	György II
countries	TRA - Transylvania	Ferenc
countries	TRA - Transylvania	Ferenc II
countries	TRA - Transylvania	Csáki
countries	TRA - Transylvania	György I
countries	TRA - Transylvania	György
countries	TRA - Transylvania	Hunyadi
countries	TRE - Trebizond	Ioannes IV
countries	TRE - Trebizond	Alexios
countries	TRE - Trebizond	Alexios IV
countries	TRE - Trebizond	Dauid
countries	TRE - Trebizond	Manuel III
countries	TRE - Trebizond	Komnenos
countries	TRE - Trebizond	Ioannes
countries	TRI - Trier	Johann VIII von Osbeck
countries	TRI - Trier	Richard Grieffenklau
countries	TRI - Trier	Johann von Schönenberg
countries	TRI - Trier	Johann I von Baden
countries	TRI - Trier	Klemens von Sachsen
countries	TRI - Trier	Johann V von Isenburg
countries	TRI - Trier	Johann von Melzenhausen
countries	TRI - Trier	Karl Kaspar von der Leyen
countries	TRI - Trier	Otto von Ziegenhain
countries	TRI - Trier	Lothar von Metternich
countries	TRI - Trier	Jakob III von Eltz
countries	TRI - Trier	Franz Ludwig von Neuburg
countries	TRI - Trier	Karl von Lothringen
countries	TRI - Trier	Jakob von Sirk
countries	TRI - Trier	Johann von Walderdorf
countries	TRI - Trier	Franz Georg von Schönborn
countries	TRI - Trier	Jakob II von Baden
countries	TRI - Trier	Rhaban von Helmstadt
countries	TRI - Trier	Johann VI von der Leyen
countries	TRI - Trier	Werner von Falkenstein
countries	TRI - Trier	Philipp von Söttern
countries	TRI - Trier	Johann IV von Hagen
countries	TRP - Tripoli	Mehmed I
countries	TRP - Tripoli	Abaza
countries	TRP - Tripoli	Bali
countries	TRP - Tripoli	'Alî I
countries	TRP - Tripoli	Arnavut
countries	TRP - Tripoli	Kerdeki
countries	TRP - Tripoli	Karamanli
countries	TRP - Tripoli	Djelebi
countries	TRP - Tripoli	Gallipoli
countries	TRP - Tripoli	Muradid
countries	TRP - Tripoli	Ibrahim
countries	TRP - Tripoli	Kuloglu
countries	TRP - Tripoli	Ahmad I
countries	TRP - Tripoli	Suleimanid
countries	TRP - Tripoli	Husseinid
countries	TRP - Tripoli	Khalil
countries	TRP - Tripoli	Ahmadid
countries	TRP - Tripoli	Ramadanid
countries	TRP - Tripoli	Osman
countries	TRP - Tripoli	Iskanderid
countries	TRP - Tripoli	al-Haddad
countries	TRP - Tripoli	Aleyli
countries	TRP - Tripoli	Kaidid
countries	TRP - Tripoli	Ramadan
countries	TRP - Tripoli	Terzi
countries	TRP - Tripoli	Oruç Reis
countries	TRP - Tripoli	Hussein
countries	TRP - Tripoli	Hassan
countries	TRP - Tripoli	Kurtoglu Reis
countries	TRP - Tripoli	Mehmed
countries	TRP - Tripoli	Saqizli
countries	TRP - Tripoli	Pehlavan
countries	TRP - Tripoli	Ahmad
countries	TRP - Tripoli	Izmirli
countries	TRP - Tripoli	al-Kahwadji
countries	TRP - Tripoli	Ismail
countries	TRP - Tripoli	Mustafid
countries	TRP - Tripoli	Halil
countries	TRP - Tripoli	Suleiman
countries	TRP - Tripoli	Khoudja
countries	TRP - Tripoli	al-Suhali
countries	TRP - Tripoli	Jafarid
countries	TRP - Tripoli	al-Turki
countries	TRP - Tripoli	Djavush
countries	TRP - Tripoli	Djanush
countries	TRP - Tripoli	Mehmedid
countries	TRP - Tripoli	Yusuf
countries	TRP - Tripoli	'Alî
countries	TRP - Tripoli	'Alî Borgul
countries	TRP - Tripoli	Kaid
countries	TRP - Tripoli	Iskander
countries	TRP - Tripoli	Yahya
countries	TRP - Tripoli	Turgut Reis
countries	TRP - Tripoli	Ibrahimid
countries	TRP - Tripoli	al-Khardj
countries	TRP - Tripoli	Muslihiddin Reis
countries	TRP - Tripoli	Kurtoglu
countries	TRP - Tripoli	Abdallah
countries	TRP - Tripoli	Yakubid
countries	TRP - Tripoli	al-Djeszairli
countries	TRP - Tripoli	Dragutli
countries	TRP - Tripoli	Mustafa
countries	TRP - Tripoli	Selim
countries	TRP - Tripoli	Jafar
countries	TRP - Tripoli	el-Kbir
countries	TRP - Tripoli	Karh Deghli
countries	TRP - Tripoli	Murad
countries	TRP - Tripoli	Ali
countries	TRS - Transoxiana	Ulugh Beg
countries	TRS - Transoxiana	Timurid
countries	TRS - Transoxiana	'Abd Allâh Mîrzâ
countries	TRT - Tirhut	Hari Singh
countries	TRT - Tirhut	Laxminath Singh
countries	TRT - Tirhut	Nar Singh
countries	TRT - Tirhut	Bhairav Singh
countries	TRT - Tirhut	Dhir Singh
countries	TRT - Tirhut	Oinwara
countries	TRT - Tirhut	Rambhadra Singh
countries	TRT - Tirhut	Bishwas Devi
countries	TRT - Tirhut	Bishwas
countries	TRT - Tirhut	Padma Singh
countries	TRY - Tyrconnell	Aodh Ruadh
countries	TRY - Tyrconnell	Manus
countries	TRY - Tyrconnell	Calbhach
countries	TRY - Tyrconnell	Aodh mac Maghnusa
countries	TRY - Tyrconnell	Ó Domhnaill
countries	TRY - Tyrconnell	Ruairí
countries	TRY - Tyrconnell	Neachtan
countries	TRY - Tyrconnell	Aodh Dubh
countries	TTI - Tsutsui	Junken
countries	TTI - Tsutsui	Sadatsugu
countries	TTI - Tsutsui	Junei
countries	TTI - Tsutsui	Junkei
countries	TTI - Tsutsui	Junsho
countries	TTI - Tsutsui	Tsutsui
countries	TTI - Tsutsui	Junko
countries	TTI - Tsutsui	Junson
countries	TUA - Tapuia	Native Council
countries	TUN - Tunisia	Muhammad V
countries	TUN - Tunisia	Ahmad III
countries	TUN - Tunisia	Yahyâ
countries	TUN - Tunisia	Umar
countries	TUN - Tunisia	Uthmanid
countries	TUN - Tunisia	Muradid
countries	TUN - Tunisia	Ibrahim
countries	TUN - Tunisia	Murad III
countries	TUN - Tunisia	Zakariyâ' II
countries	TUN - Tunisia	Husayn
countries	TUN - Tunisia	Muhammad II
countries	TUN - Tunisia	Uthman
countries	TUN - Tunisia	Ramadan
countries	TUN - Tunisia	Zakariyâ II
countries	TUN - Tunisia	Husayn II
countries	TUN - Tunisia	Zakariyâ'
countries	TUN - Tunisia	Husainid
countries	TUN - Tunisia	Ali I
countries	TUN - Tunisia	Rodesi
countries	TUN - Tunisia	Muhammad
countries	TUN - Tunisia	Yahyâ III
countries	TUN - Tunisia	Ahmad
countries	TUN - Tunisia	Muhammad VI
countries	TUN - Tunisia	Murad II
countries	TUN - Tunisia	Moussadid
countries	TUN - Tunisia	Hammuda
countries	TUN - Tunisia	'Uthman
countries	TUN - Tunisia	Muhammed
countries	TUN - Tunisia	Muhammadid
countries	TUN - Tunisia	Murad I
countries	TUN - Tunisia	Muhammad III
countries	TUN - Tunisia	Mahmud
countries	TUN - Tunisia	'Abd al-Mu'min
countries	TUN - Tunisia	Yusuf
countries	TUN - Tunisia	Abu
countries	TUN - Tunisia	Hafsid
countries	TUN - Tunisia	Muhammad el-Hafsi
countries	TUN - Tunisia	Moussa
countries	TUN - Tunisia	Muhammad VII
countries	TUN - Tunisia	Muhammad I
countries	TUN - Tunisia	Murad
countries	TUN - Tunisia	Ali
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Mehmed IV
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Bali
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Pargali Ibrahim Pasha
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Barbaros Hayreddin
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Özdemiroglu Osman
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Hekimoglu Ali
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Osmanoglu
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Selim Yavuz
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Selim
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Sokullu Mehmed
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Sissaou
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Köprülüzade Fazil Ahmed
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Ahmed II
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Ahmed III
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Abdülhamid
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Mustafa IV
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Mustafa III
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Uluç Ali
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Özdemir
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Murad III
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Osman
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Deli Ibrahim
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Mehmed II Fatih
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Piri Reis
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Salih Reis
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Osman II
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Murat IV
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Silahdar Ali
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Mezzamorto Hüseyin
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Süleyman
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Köprülüzade Fazil Mustafa
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Hadim Sinan
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Mehmet II Fatih
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Gazi Husrev
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Mehmed
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Ahmed I
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Mustafa I
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Ibrahim I
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Mahmud I
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Algerian Hassan
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Selim III
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Merzifonlu Kara Mustafa
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Murad II
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Hadim Sehabeddin
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Süleyman I Kanuni
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Piyale
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Mehmed III
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Lala Mahmud
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Mustafa I Deli
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Süleyman II
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Mustafa II
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Mustafa Deli
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Cezzar Pasha
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Abdülhamid I
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Osman III
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Selim I Yavuz
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Mehmet II
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Selim II
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Kemal Reis
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Selîm I Yavuz
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Mahmud
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Ahmed
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Mahmud II
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Turgut Reis
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Köprülü Mehmed Pasha
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Süleyman Kanuni
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Kucuk Daoud
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Amcazade Hüseyin Pasha
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Gazi Hüsrev Pasha
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Bayezid
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Lala Mustafa
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Bayezid II
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Murad IV
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Hadim Ali
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Mustafa
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Gedik Ahmed
countries	TUR - Ottoman Empire	Murad
countries	TUS - Tuscany	Rinaldo degli Albizzi
countries	TUS - Tuscany	Ferdinando I
countries	TUS - Tuscany	Giulio di Medici
countries	TUS - Tuscany	Cosimo de' Medici
countries	TUS - Tuscany	von Habsburg
countries	TUS - Tuscany	Piero il Gottoso de' Medici
countries	TUS - Tuscany	Pietro Leopoldo I
countries	TUS - Tuscany	Maso degli Albizzi
countries	TUS - Tuscany	Francesco I
countries	TUS - Tuscany	Cosimo III
countries	TUS - Tuscany	Giuliano de' Medici
countries	TUS - Tuscany	Gian Gastone
countries	TUS - Tuscany	Cosimo I
countries	TUS - Tuscany	Alessandro de' Medici
countries	TUS - Tuscany	Lorenzo il Magnifico
countries	TUS - Tuscany	Francesco
countries	TUS - Tuscany	Lorenzo de' Medici
countries	TUS - Tuscany	Uffreducci
countries	TUS - Tuscany	Ferdinando II
countries	TUS - Tuscany	Machiavelli
countries	TUS - Tuscany	Francesco II
countries	TUS - Tuscany	Piero Soderino
countries	TUS - Tuscany	Piero il Fatuo
countries	TUS - Tuscany	Ferdinando
countries	TUS - Tuscany	Girolamo Savonarola
countries	TUS - Tuscany	Vitellozzo Vitelli
countries	TUS - Tuscany	Cosimo II
countries	TUS - Tuscany	Ferdinando III
countries	TUS - Tuscany	Giovanni I de' Medici
countries	TUS - Tuscany	de' Medici
countries	TUS - Tuscany	Cosimo
countries	TVE - Tver	Mikhail II
countries	TVE - Tver	Rurikovich
countries	TVE - Tver	Mikhail III
countries	TVE - Tver	Ivan II
countries	TVE - Tver	Ivan
countries	TVE - Tver	Boris
countries	TYO - Tyo	Nday
countries	TYO - Tyo	Mpemba
countries	TYO - Tyo	Cakasekene
countries	TYO - Tyo	Mukaz
countries	TYO - Tyo	Tyo
countries	TYO - Tyo	Maloba
countries	TYO - Tyo	Sanza
countries	TYO - Tyo	Kateng
countries	TYR - Tyrone	Áed
countries	TYR - Tyrone	Áed XIV
countries	TYR - Tyrone	Eoghan II
countries	TYR - Tyrone	O'Neill
countries	TYR - Tyrone	Niall
countries	TYR - Tyrone	Einrí
countries	TYR - Tyrone	Séan
countries	TYR - Tyrone	Conn I
countries	TYR - Tyrone	Einrí II
countries	TYR - Tyrone	Donal
countries	TYR - Tyrone	Conn Bacach
countries	TYR - Tyrone	Donal XIV
countries	TYR - Tyrone	Turlough I
countries	TYR - Tyrone	Turlough
countries	TYR - Tyrone	Séan I
countries	TYR - Tyrone	Art
countries	TYR - Tyrone	Einrí I
countries	TYR - Tyrone	Eoghan
countries	TYR - Tyrone	Conn
countries	TYR - Tyrone	Art II
countries	TYR - Tyrone	Conn II Bacach
countries	TYR - Tyrone	Art I
countries	UBH - Buha	Kmenyi
countries	UBH - Buha	Ntare
countries	UBH - Buha	Ruhaga II
countries	UBH - Buha	Kivunangoma
countries	UBH - Buha	Kanyoni
countries	UBH - Buha	Rwasa
countries	UBH - Buha	Ntare II
countries	UBH - Buha	Buhaya
countries	UBH - Buha	Ntare I
countries	UBH - Buha	Maziga
countries	UBH - Buha	Buhinda
countries	UBH - Buha	Masimba
countries	UBH - Buha	Ruhaga
countries	UES - Uesugi	Sadakatsu
countries	UES - Uesugi	Norifusa
countries	UES - Uesugi	Uesugi
countries	UES - Uesugi	Norisada
countries	UES - Uesugi	Noriaki
countries	UES - Uesugi	Shigenori
countries	UES - Uesugi	Shigesada
countries	UES - Uesugi	Harunori
countries	UES - Uesugi	Munefusa
countries	UES - Uesugi	Tomomune
countries	UES - Uesugi	Akizane
countries	UES - Uesugi	Norikata
countries	UES - Uesugi	Sigenori
countries	UES - Uesugi	Yoshinori
countries	UES - Uesugi	Norimasa
countries	UES - Uesugi	Ujinori
countries	UES - Uesugi	Norimoto
countries	UES - Uesugi	Haruhiro
countries	UES - Uesugi	Norihiro
countries	UES - Uesugi	Masatora
countries	UES - Uesugi	Kagekatsu
countries	UES - Uesugi	Noritaka
countries	UES - Uesugi	Tsunanori
countries	UES - Uesugi	Munenori
countries	UES - Uesugi	Narinori
countries	UES - Uesugi	Noritada
countries	UES - Uesugi	Narisada
countries	UES - Uesugi	Noriharu
countries	UES - Uesugi	Tsunakatsu
countries	UES - Uesugi	Norizane
countries	UES - Uesugi	Akisada
countries	ULM - Ulm	Stadtrat
countries	ULS - Ulster	Donal
countries	ULS - Ulster	Magginis
countries	ULS - Ulster	Arthur
countries	ULS - Ulster	Art Roe
countries	URB - Urbino	Guidobaldo II
countries	URB - Urbino	da Montefeltro
countries	URB - Urbino	Francesco I
countries	URB - Urbino	Antonio I
countries	URB - Urbino	Gidantonio I
countries	URB - Urbino	Gidantonio
countries	URB - Urbino	Francesco Maria II
countries	URB - Urbino	Francesco
countries	URB - Urbino	Federigo III
countries	URB - Urbino	Oddantonio
countries	URB - Urbino	Oddantonio I
countries	URB - Urbino	della Rovere
countries	URB - Urbino	Francesco Ubaldo I
countries	URB - Urbino	Caterina I
countries	URB - Urbino	Guidobaldo I
countries	URB - Urbino	Lorenzo I
countries	URB - Urbino	Guidobaldo
countries	URB - Urbino	Cesare I
countries	URB - Urbino	de' Medici
countries	URB - Urbino	Federigo
countries	URB - Urbino	Francesco Maria
countries	URB - Urbino	Borgia
countries	USA - United States	Solomon van Rensselaer
countries	USA - United States	Nathanael Greene
countries	USA - United States	Thaddeus Kosciuszko
countries	USA - United States	The Continental Congress
countries	USA - United States	Gilbert Lafayette
countries	USA - United States	John Adams
countries	USA - United States	Oliver Hazard Perry
countries	USA - United States	Wade Hampton I
countries	USA - United States	Henry Dearborn
countries	USA - United States	George Washington
countries	USA - United States	Charles Lee
countries	USA - United States	Benedict Arnold
countries	USA - United States	James Wilkinson
countries	USA - United States	William H. Harrison
countries	USA - United States	Anthony Wayne
countries	USA - United States	Benjamin Lincoln
countries	USA - United States	Thomas Jefferson
countries	USA - United States	Horatio Gates
countries	USA - United States	William Hull
countries	USA - United States	James Madison
countries	USA - United States	Casimir Pulaski
countries	USA - United States	George Rogers Clark
countries	USA - United States	James Monroe
countries	USA - United States	Baron von Steuben
countries	UTN - Utsunomiya	Hitotsuna
countries	UTN - Utsunomiya	Hisatsuna
countries	UTN - Utsunomiya	Akitsuna
countries	UTN - Utsunomiya	Utsunomiya
countries	UTN - Utsunomiya	Shigetsuna
countries	UTN - Utsunomiya	Okitsuna
countries	UTN - Utsunomiya	Kunitsuna
countries	UTN - Utsunomiya	Masatsuna
countries	UTN - Utsunomiya	Hirotsuna
countries	UTN - Utsunomiya	Yoshitsuna
countries	UTN - Utsunomiya	Tadatsuna
countries	UTR - Utrecht	Frederick III
countries	UTR - Utrecht	Filips I
countries	UTR - Utrecht	Hendrik II
countries	UTR - Utrecht	Gijsbrecht I
countries	UTR - Utrecht	Rudolf I
countries	UTR - Utrecht	Frederik IV
countries	UTR - Utrecht	David I
countries	UTS - Utsang	Phüntso Namgyal
countries	UTS - Utsang	Luntok Gyatso
countries	UTS - Utsang	Norzang
countries	UTS - Utsang	Töndap Tseten
countries	UTS - Utsang	Kezang Gyatso
countries	UTS - Utsang	Gyurme Namgyal
countries	UTS - Utsang	Karma Tsen-Kyong
countries	UTS - Utsang	Rinpungpa
countries	UTS - Utsang	Phola Sonam Tobgye
countries	UTS - Utsang	Tenzin Dalai
countries	UTS - Utsang	Tsangpa
countries	UTS - Utsang	Karma Tseten
countries	UTS - Utsang	Kunzang
countries	UTS - Utsang	Tsewang Arabtan
countries	UTS - Utsang	Lhabzang
countries	UTS - Utsang	Jampel Gyatso
countries	UTS - Utsang	Gursi
countries	UTS - Utsang	Dayan
countries	UTS - Utsang	Lhawang Dorje
countries	UTS - Utsang	Dönyö Dorje
countries	UTS - Utsang	Tshultrin Gyatso
countries	UTS - Utsang	Ngawang Namgyal
countries	VEN - Venice	Erasmo Gattamelata
countries	VEN - Venice	Alvise III Mocenigo
countries	VEN - Venice	Francesco da Carmagnola
countries	VEN - Venice	Moceningo
countries	VEN - Venice	Giustinani
countries	VEN - Venice	Andrea Vendamin
countries	VEN - Venice	Domenico II Contarini
countries	VEN - Venice	Girolamo Priuli
countries	VEN - Venice	Bartolomeo d'Alviano
countries	VEN - Venice	Laurenti Priuli
countries	VEN - Venice	Giovanni Cornari I
countries	VEN - Venice	Grimani
countries	VEN - Venice	Lomellini
countries	VEN - Venice	Leonardo Foscolo
countries	VEN - Venice	Francesco Cornello
countries	VEN - Venice	Marco Foscarini
countries	VEN - Venice	Pietro Lando
countries	VEN - Venice	C. Borgia
countries	VEN - Venice	Nicolò Marcello
countries	VEN - Venice	Canal
countries	VEN - Venice	Lucio Malvezzo
countries	VEN - Venice	Barbarigo
countries	VEN - Venice	Leonardo Loredano II
countries	VEN - Venice	Francesco Molino
countries	VEN - Venice	Pietro Grimani
countries	VEN - Venice	Alvise Contarini
countries	VEN - Venice	Bertuccio Valiero
countries	VEN - Venice	Franco Donato
countries	VEN - Venice	Cristoforo Moro
countries	VEN - Venice	Marco Memo
countries	VEN - Venice	Lorenzo Marcello
countries	VEN - Venice	Giovanni Mocenigo
countries	VEN - Venice	Nicoló Contarini
countries	VEN - Venice	Riva
countries	VEN - Venice	Mocenigo
countries	VEN - Venice	Nicoló Sagredo
countries	VEN - Venice	Marcantonio Giustiniani
countries	VEN - Venice	Alvise Pisani
countries	VEN - Venice	Leonardo Loredano
countries	VEN - Venice	Macro Antonio Bragadin
countries	VEN - Venice	Veniero
countries	VEN - Venice	Francesco Morosini
countries	VEN - Venice	Antonio Grimani
countries	VEN - Venice	Marino Grimani
countries	VEN - Venice	Carlo Contarini
countries	VEN - Venice	Alessandro Molin
countries	VEN - Venice	Giovanni Bembo
countries	VEN - Venice	Alvise II Mocenigo
countries	VEN - Venice	Alvise Mocenigo
countries	VEN - Venice	Pietro Loredan
countries	VEN - Venice	Girolamo Cornaro
countries	VEN - Venice	Nicoló da Ponte
countries	VEN - Venice	Michele Steno
countries	VEN - Venice	Nicolo Pitigliano
countries	VEN - Venice	Tomasso Mocenigo
countries	VEN - Venice	Andrea Loredan
countries	VEN - Venice	Pasquale Malipiero
countries	VEN - Venice	Francesco Erizzo
countries	VEN - Venice	Angelo Emo
countries	VEN - Venice	Zeno
countries	VEN - Venice	Nicoló Donato
countries	VEN - Venice	Carlo Ruzzini
countries	VEN - Venice	Sebastiano Venier
countries	VEN - Venice	Francesco Foscarini
countries	VEN - Venice	Fransesco Morosini
countries	VEN - Venice	Pietro Mocenigo
countries	VEN - Venice	Andrea Gritti
countries	VEN - Venice	Paulo Rainiero
countries	VEN - Venice	Giovanni Pesaro
countries	VEN - Venice	Alvise IV Mocenigo
countries	VEN - Venice	Andrea Pisani
countries	VEN - Venice	Francesco Loredan
countries	VEN - Venice	Agostino Barbango
countries	VEN - Venice	Antonio Venier
countries	VEN - Venice	G. Loredan
countries	VEN - Venice	Francesco Venier
countries	VEN - Venice	Giovanni Cornaro II
countries	VEN - Venice	Ludovico Flangini
countries	VEN - Venice	Quirini
countries	VEN - Venice	Vincenco Polani
countries	VEN - Venice	Silvestro Valiero
countries	VEN - Venice	Nicolò Tron
countries	VEN - Venice	Johan von der Schulenberg
countries	VEN - Venice	Pasquale Cicogna
countries	VEN - Venice	Antonio Priulo
countries	VEN - Venice	Carlo Zeno
countries	VEN - Venice	Ludovico Manin
countries	VEN - Venice	Alvise Mocenigo I
countries	VEN - Venice	Franco Contarini
countries	VEN - Venice	Marco Barbango
countries	VEN - Venice	Colleoni
countries	VER - Verden	Heinrich II
countries	VER - Verden	Cristoph I
countries	VER - Verden	Gerhard III
countries	VER - Verden	Otto II
countries	VER - Verden	Baldwin I
countries	VER - Verden	Nicolaus I
countries	VER - Verden	Heinrich III
countries	VER - Verden	Johann II
countries	VER - Verden	Johann III Rode
countries	VER - Verden	Georg I
countries	VER - Verden	Johann Adolf I
countries	VER - Verden	Johann Friedrich I
countries	VER - Verden	Friedrich II
countries	VIE - Vientiane	Setthathirat I
countries	VIE - Vientiane	Setthathirat
countries	VIE - Vientiane	Sai Tia Kaphut
countries	VIE - Vientiane	Bhumadarada
countries	VIE - Vientiane	Theng Kham
countries	VIE - Vientiane	Lue Sai
countries	VIE - Vientiane	Photisarat I
countries	VIE - Vientiane	Lamakamadinga
countries	VIE - Vientiane	Thai
countries	VIE - Vientiane	Photisarat
countries	VIE - Vientiane	Konekham
countries	VIE - Vientiane	Nakhon Noi
countries	VIE - Vientiane	Khamtum
countries	VIE - Vientiane	Tian Thala
countries	VIE - Vientiane	Sourigna Vongsa
countries	VIE - Vientiane	Phraya Supho
countries	VIE - Vientiane	Setthathirat II
countries	VIE - Vientiane	Lan Kham Deng
countries	VIE - Vientiane	Khai Bua Ban
countries	VIE - Vientiane	Nan Tharat
countries	VIE - Vientiane	Setthathirat IV
countries	VIE - Vientiane	Samsenethai
countries	VIE - Vientiane	Phommathat
countries	VIE - Vientiane	Saensurin
countries	VIE - Vientiane	Meunsai
countries	VIE - Vientiane	Maha Oupahat
countries	VIE - Vientiane	Khong Kham
countries	VIE - Vientiane	Photisarat II
countries	VIE - Vientiane	Nokeo Koumanh
countries	VIE - Vientiane	Fa Ngum
countries	VIE - Vientiane	Upanyuvarat
countries	VIE - Vientiane	Laasaenthai
countries	VIE - Vientiane	Thammikarat
countries	VIE - Vientiane	Ong Long
countries	VIE - Vientiane	Anouvong
countries	VIE - Vientiane	Kham Tam Sa
countries	VIE - Vientiane	Vichai
countries	VIE - Vientiane	Tone Kham
countries	VIE - Vientiane	Setthathirat III
countries	VIE - Vientiane	Mon Keo
countries	VIE - Vientiane	Setthathirat V
countries	VIE - Vientiane	Sompou
countries	VIE - Vientiane	Visunarat
countries	VIE - Vientiane	Khun Lo
countries	VIJ - Vijayanagar	Timma
countries	VIJ - Vijayanagar	Saluva
countries	VIJ - Vijayanagar	Râma I
countries	VIJ - Vijayanagar	Virupaksha I
countries	VIJ - Vijayanagar	Rama Raya
countries	VIJ - Vijayanagar	Venkata II
countries	VIJ - Vijayanagar	Rama Raya Aravidu
countries	VIJ - Vijayanagar	Saluva Narisimha
countries	VIJ - Vijayanagar	Devaraya I
countries	VIJ - Vijayanagar	Devaraya II
countries	VIJ - Vijayanagar	Virupaksha II
countries	VIJ - Vijayanagar	Ranga II
countries	VIJ - Vijayanagar	Sâdashiva
countries	VIJ - Vijayanagar	Râma
countries	VIJ - Vijayanagar	Devaraya
countries	VIJ - Vijayanagar	Bukka II
countries	VIJ - Vijayanagar	Vira Vijaya
countries	VIJ - Vijayanagar	Venkata
countries	VIJ - Vijayanagar	Ranga
countries	VIJ - Vijayanagar	Tuluva
countries	VIJ - Vijayanagar	Virupaksha
countries	VIJ - Vijayanagar	Praudha
countries	VIJ - Vijayanagar	Narasimha
countries	VIJ - Vijayanagar	Krishna
countries	VIJ - Vijayanagar	Bukka
countries	VIJ - Vijayanagar	Vira Vijaya I
countries	VIJ - Vijayanagar	Harihara II
countries	VIJ - Vijayanagar	Narasa Nayaka
countries	VIJ - Vijayanagar	Vîra Narasimha
countries	VIJ - Vijayanagar	Aravidu
countries	VIJ - Vijayanagar	Tirumala
countries	VIJ - Vijayanagar	Mallikarjuna
countries	VIJ - Vijayanagar	Achyuta
countries	VIJ - Vijayanagar	Ranga I
countries	VIJ - Vijayanagar	Ranga III
countries	VIJ - Vijayanagar	Venkata III
countries	VIJ - Vijayanagar	Narisimha Saluva
countries	VIJ - Vijayanagar	Sangama
countries	VND - Venad	Sri Vira Varma
countries	VND - Venad	Sri Vira Martanda Varma
countries	VND - Venad	Unni Kerala Varma III
countries	VND - Venad	Bala Rama Varma
countries	VND - Venad	Cheraman
countries	VND - Venad	Kerala Varma
countries	VND - Venad	Unni Kerala Varma II
countries	VND - Venad	Rama Varma
countries	VND - Venad	Unni Kerala Varma
countries	VND - Venad	Gouri Laksmi Bai
countries	VND - Venad	Bala Rama Varma I
countries	VND - Venad	Sri Vira Ravi Varma
countries	VND - Venad	Sri Vira Kulasekhara
countries	VND - Venad	Ravi Varma
countries	VND - Venad	Martanda Varma
countries	VND - Venad	Udaya Martanda Varma
countries	VND - Venad	Aditya Varma
countries	VND - Venad	Rama Varma II
countries	VND - Venad	Martanda Varma I
countries	VND - Venad	Chera Udaya Varma
countries	VND - Venad	Gouri Parvati Bai
countries	VND - Venad	Mootha
countries	VNZ - Venezuela	Simón Bolívar
countries	VNZ - Venezuela	Francisco de Miranda
countries	WAL - Wallachia	Mihai II Viteazul
countries	WAL - Wallachia	Brâncovenesti
countries	WAL - Wallachia	Constantin V
countries	WAL - Wallachia	Constantin II
countries	WAL - Wallachia	Duca
countries	WAL - Wallachia	Draculesti
countries	WAL - Wallachia	Vlad III Tepes
countries	WAL - Wallachia	Vladislav II
countries	WAL - Wallachia	Alexandru IX Sutu
countries	WAL - Wallachia	Vlad II
countries	WAL - Wallachia	Mourousi
countries	WAL - Wallachia	Alexandru II
countries	WAL - Wallachia	Mihail
countries	WAL - Wallachia	Leon
countries	WAL - Wallachia	Serban II
countries	WAL - Wallachia	Mihnea II Turcitul
countries	WAL - Wallachia	Ypsilanti
countries	WAL - Wallachia	Serban
countries	WAL - Wallachia	Cantacuzene
countries	WAL - Wallachia	Caradja
countries	WAL - Wallachia	Mihai IV Sutu
countries	WAL - Wallachia	Craiovesti
countries	WAL - Wallachia	Matei I Basarab
countries	WAL - Wallachia	Ghica
countries	WAL - Wallachia	Radu
countries	WAL - Wallachia	Neagoe Basarab
countries	WAL - Wallachia	Grigore I
countries	WAL - Wallachia	Ioan II
countries	WAL - Wallachia	Soutzos
countries	WAL - Wallachia	Basarab II
countries	WAL - Wallachia	Mircea I
countries	WAL - Wallachia	Dan II
countries	WAL - Wallachia	Radu V de la Afumati
countries	WAL - Wallachia	Mircea III Ciobanul
countries	WAL - Wallachia	Alexandru I
countries	WAL - Wallachia	Basarab
countries	WAL - Wallachia	Mavrogordato
countries	WAL - Wallachia	Aldea
countries	WAL - Wallachia	Hangerli
countries	WAL - Wallachia	Gheorge II
countries	WAL - Wallachia	Constantin VI
countries	WAL - Wallachia	Mircea
countries	WAL - Wallachia	Basarab II Laoiota
countries	WAL - Wallachia	Mircea II
countries	WAL - Wallachia	Constantin III
countries	WAL - Wallachia	Basarab III cel Tînar
countries	WAL - Wallachia	Tomsa
countries	WAL - Wallachia	Radu II Chelul
countries	WAL - Wallachia	Petru cel Tînar
countries	WAL - Wallachia	Radu IV cel Mare
countries	WAL - Wallachia	Danesti
countries	WAL - Wallachia	Constantin I
countries	WAL - Wallachia	Nicolae II
countries	WAL - Wallachia	Radu II cel Frumos
countries	WAL - Wallachia	Vlad IV Calugarul
countries	WAL - Wallachia	Alexandru VII
countries	WAL - Wallachia	Grigore III
countries	WAL - Wallachia	Radu IX Mihnea
countries	WAL - Wallachia	Alexandru VIII
countries	WAL - Wallachia	Alexandru V Coconul
countries	WAL - Wallachia	Mihail I
countries	WAR - Warsangali	Aul
countries	WAR - Warsangali	Siciid II
countries	WAR - Warsangali	Abdale
countries	WAR - Warsangali	Mohamud Ali
countries	WAR - Warsangali	Omar II
countries	WAR - Warsangali	Mohamud II
countries	WAR - Warsangali	Gerad
countries	WAR - Warsangali	Mohamud III
countries	WAR - Warsangali	Liban
countries	WAR - Warsangali	Ciise II
countries	WAR - Warsangali	Mohamud IV
countries	WAR - Warsangali	Mohamud V
countries	WAR - Warsangali	Ali Dable
countries	WAR - Warsangali	Yuusuf
countries	WAR - Warsangali	Ali II
countries	WAR - Warsangali	Ali
countries	WAR - Warsangali	Naleye
countries	WAR - Warsangali	Siciid
countries	WAR - Warsangali	Ahmed
countries	WBG - Wurzburg	Lorenz von Bibra
countries	WBG - Wurzburg	Johann I
countries	WBG - Wurzburg	Gerhard
countries	WBG - Wurzburg	Johann von Aschausen
countries	WBG - Wurzburg	Christoph von Hutten
countries	WBG - Wurzburg	Johann von Guttenberg
countries	WBG - Wurzburg	Sigmund von Sachsen
countries	WBG - Wurzburg	Johann Philipp Franz
countries	WBG - Wurzburg	Anselm von Ingelheim
countries	WBG - Wurzburg	Adam von Seinsheim
countries	WBG - Wurzburg	Gottfried IV
countries	WBG - Wurzburg	J.P. Saxe-Altenburg
countries	WBG - Wurzburg	Johann von Schönborn
countries	WBG - Wurzburg	Melchior von Giebelstadt
countries	WBG - Wurzburg	Johann III von Grumbach
countries	WBG - Wurzburg	Friedrich von Wirsberg
countries	WBG - Wurzburg	Ferdinand von Osterreich
countries	WBG - Wurzburg	Johann von Rosenbach
countries	WBG - Wurzburg	Rudolf II von Schrenberg
countries	WBG - Wurzburg	Julius von Mespelbrunn
countries	WBG - Wurzburg	Georg Karl von Fechenbach
countries	WBG - Wurzburg	Thomas Müntzer
countries	WBG - Wurzburg	Franz Ludwig von Erthal
countries	WBG - Wurzburg	Friedrich von Schönborn
countries	WBG - Wurzburg	Konrad von Thüngen
countries	WBG - Wurzburg	Johann II
countries	WBG - Wurzburg	Konrad Wilhelm von Wernau
countries	WBG - Wurzburg	Johann von Greiffenklau
countries	WBG - Wurzburg	Franz von Hatzfeld
countries	WBG - Wurzburg	Konrad von Bibra
countries	WBG - Wurzburg	Philipp von Ehrenberg
countries	WBG - Wurzburg	Peter von Dernbach
countries	WBG - Wurzburg	Heinrich Pfeiffer
countries	WBG - Wurzburg	Karl von Greiffenklau
countries	WCR - Cree	Native Council
countries	WES - Westfalia	Jérôme
countries	WES - Westfalia	Bonaparte
countries	WIC - Wichita	Native Council
countries	WKA - Wanka	Catequil
countries	WKA - Wanka	Wanka
countries	WLY - Welayta	Tube
countries	WLY - Welayta	Tegra`i
countries	WLY - Welayta	Addayo
countries	WLY - Welayta	Girma
countries	WLY - Welayta	Libana
countries	WLY - Welayta	Kote
countries	WLY - Welayta	Ogatto
countries	WLY - Welayta	Amado
countries	WLY - Welayta	Gaga
countries	WLY - Welayta	Damota
countries	WLY - Welayta	Gazenya
countries	WLY - Welayta	Mikael
countries	WUR - Wurttemberg	Wilhelm Ludwig
countries	WUR - Wurttemberg	Cristoph
countries	WUR - Wurttemberg	Ludwig Eugen
countries	WUR - Wurttemberg	Friedrich II Eugen
countries	WUR - Wurttemberg	Christoph
countries	WUR - Wurttemberg	Ludwig der Fromme
countries	WUR - Wurttemberg	Eberhard II
countries	WUR - Wurttemberg	Karl Eugen
countries	WUR - Wurttemberg	Eberhard IV
countries	WUR - Wurttemberg	William I
countries	WUR - Wurttemberg	Ulrich
countries	WUR - Wurttemberg	von Württmeberg
countries	WUR - Wurttemberg	Eberhard III
countries	WUR - Wurttemberg	Friedrich I
countries	WUR - Wurttemberg	Friedrich Eugen
countries	WUR - Wurttemberg	Eberhard
countries	WUR - Wurttemberg	Johann Friedrich
countries	WUR - Wurttemberg	Ludwig
countries	WUR - Wurttemberg	von Württemberg
countries	WUR - Wurttemberg	Eberhard I
countries	WUR - Wurttemberg	Friedrich Karl
countries	WUR - Wurttemberg	Friedrich
countries	WUR - Wurttemberg	Eberhard Ludwig
countries	WUR - Wurttemberg	Karl Alexander
countries	WUR - Wurttemberg	William
countries	WUR - Wurttemberg	Ulrich V
countries	XIU - Xiu	Xiu
countries	XIU - Xiu	Ah
countries	XIU - Xiu	Tutul
countries	XIU - Xiu	Napot
countries	YAK - Yaka	Bivula
countries	YAK - Yaka	Mwaana
countries	YAK - Yaka	Mukulu
countries	YAK - Yaka	Kyambvu
countries	YAK - Yaka	Muteeba Nzuzi
countries	YAK - Yaka	Muteeba Kadi
countries	YAK - Yaka	Paandzu
countries	YAK - Yaka	Kambaamba
countries	YAK - Yaka	Mbaala
countries	YAO - Yao	Djourab el Kabir
countries	YAO - Yao	Madgashé
countries	YAO - Yao	Al el Qatil
countries	YAO - Yao	Djil Essa Tubo
countries	YAO - Yao	Dogo Arma
countries	YAO - Yao	Mat Kurtu
countries	YAO - Yao	Dounouma
countries	YAO - Yao	Kêda
countries	YAO - Yao	Djourab el Mongo
countries	YAO - Yao	Djil Goumsoumi
countries	YAO - Yao	Mahamat
countries	YAO - Yao	Mortcho
countries	YAO - Yao	Djourab Saxair
countries	YAO - Yao	Balkashé
countries	YAO - Yao	Tshéroma
countries	YAR - Yaroslavl	Ivan Bolshoy
countries	YAR - Yaroslavl	Rurikovich
countries	YAR - Yaroslavl	Fedor
countries	YAR - Yaroslavl	Alexandr
countries	YAR - Yaroslavl	Alexandr Bryukhatiy
countries	YAS - Beni Yas	Al Nahyan
countries	YAS - Beni Yas	Shakhbut bin Dhiyab
countries	YAS - Beni Yas	Khalifa
countries	YAS - Beni Yas	Shakbut
countries	YAS - Beni Yas	Muhammed
countries	YAS - Beni Yas	Dhiyab bin Isa
countries	YAS - Beni Yas	Tahnoun bin Shakbut
countries	YAS - Beni Yas	Isa
countries	YAS - Beni Yas	Muhammad
countries	YAS - Beni Yas	Tahnun
countries	YAS - Beni Yas	Zayed
countries	YAT - Yatenga	Wobgho
countries	YAT - Yatenga	Kourita
countries	YAT - Yatenga	Naaba
countries	YAT - Yatenga	Kaongo
countries	YAT - Yatenga	Yolomfaogoma
countries	YAT - Yatenga	Geda
countries	YAT - Yatenga	Yadega
countries	YAT - Yatenga	Tuguri
countries	YAT - Yatenga	Kango
countries	YAT - Yatenga	Saaga
countries	YEM - Yemen	Yusuf II
countries	YEM - Yemen	Yahya
countries	YEM - Yemen	Saladin Ahmad
countries	YEM - Yemen	Rasulid
countries	YEM - Yemen	Tahirid
countries	YEM - Yemen	Rasuild
countries	YEM - Yemen	Salâh ad-Din 'Amir I
countries	YEM - Yemen	'Abdallah
countries	YEM - Yemen	Isma'il
countries	YEM - Yemen	Salâh ad-Din 'Amir
countries	YEM - Yemen	Isma'il III
countries	YEM - Yemen	Isma'il I
countries	YEM - Yemen	Yusuf
countries	YEM - Yemen	Isma'il II
countries	YMN - Yamana	Noritoyo
countries	YMN - Yamana	Tokiuji
countries	YMN - Yamana	Moroyoshi
countries	YMN - Yamana	Yamana
countries	YMN - Yamana	Masatoyo
countries	YMN - Yamana	Suketoyo
countries	YMN - Yamana	Akihiro
countries	YMN - Yamana	Okitoyo
countries	YMN - Yamana	Tokihiro
countries	YMN - Yamana	Mochitoyo
countries	YOR - Andhra	Allada
countries	YOR - Andhra	Reddy
countries	YOR - Andhra	Veerabhadra
countries	YOR - Andhra	Raghuveera
countries	YOR - Andhra	Kataya Vema
countries	YOR - Andhra	Kumaragiri
countries	YUA - Yuan	Borjigin
countries	YUA - Yuan	Temür
countries	YUA - Yuan	Külüg
countries	YUA - Yuan	Rinchinbal
countries	YUA - Yuan	Ragibagh
countries	YUA - Yuan	Khutughtu
countries	YUA - Yuan	Jayaatu
countries	YUA - Yuan	Kublai
countries	YUA - Yuan	Yesün Temür
countries	YUA - Yuan	Gegeen
countries	YUA - Yuan	Ayurbarwada Buyantu
countries	YUA - Yuan	Toghon Temür
countries	ZAF - Zafunu	Hamadou Amina
countries	ZAF - Zafunu	Sékou Amadou
countries	ZAF - Zafunu	Boubou Aissata
countries	ZAF - Zafunu	Soudi
countries	ZAF - Zafunu	Hamadou Amina II
countries	ZAF - Zafunu	Alioun
countries	ZAF - Zafunu	Diallo
countries	ZAF - Zafunu	Maga
countries	ZAF - Zafunu	Demba Dondi
countries	ZAF - Zafunu	Lobbo
countries	ZAF - Zafunu	Alioun II
countries	ZAF - Zafunu	Nia
countries	ZAN - Zwahili	Fatima
countries	ZAN - Zwahili	Hasan
countries	ZAN - Zwahili	Muhammad V
countries	ZAN - Zwahili	Ibrâhîm II
countries	ZAN - Zwahili	Sulaymân VII
countries	ZAN - Zwahili	al-Fudail
countries	ZAN - Zwahili	Ibrâhîm
countries	ZAN - Zwahili	Sâ'îd II
countries	ZAN - Zwahili	Sa'îd I
countries	ZAN - Zwahili	Hasan VI
countries	ZAN - Zwahili	al-Mawahib
countries	ZAN - Zwahili	Hasan VIII
countries	ZAN - Zwahili	Hassan
countries	ZAN - Zwahili	Muhammad IV
countries	ZAN - Zwahili	Ahmad
countries	ZAN - Zwahili	Muhammad VI
countries	ZAN - Zwahili	Sultan
countries	ZAN - Zwahili	Sa'îd
countries	ZAN - Zwahili	Muhammad III
countries	ZAN - Zwahili	Mwana Mwema
countries	ZAN - Zwahili	Yusuf
countries	ZAN - Zwahili	'Alî
countries	ZAN - Zwahili	Hasan VII
countries	ZAN - Zwahili	'Alî VI
countries	ZAN - Zwahili	Sultan bin Hassan
countries	ZAN - Zwahili	Zanzibari
countries	ZAN - Zwahili	'Abd Allâh
countries	ZAN - Zwahili	Ismâ'îl
countries	ZAN - Zwahili	Muhammad VII
countries	ZAN - Zwahili	Ibrâhîm I
countries	ZAP - Zapotec	Zaachilla
countries	ZAP - Zapotec	Cociyopu
countries	ZAP - Zapotec	Tehuantepec
countries	ZAP - Zapotec	Zaachilla III
countries	ZAP - Zapotec	Zaachilla II
countries	ZAP - Zapotec	Cociyocza
countries	ZAZ - Zaporozhie	Gulak-Bulyuk
countries	ZAZ - Zaporozhie	Ivan VI Kulaga
countries	ZAZ - Zaporozhie	Yuriy Khmelnitsky
countries	ZAZ - Zaporozhie	Sava, Pavlyuk & Gunya
countries	ZAZ - Zaporozhie	Vishnevetsky-Bayda
countries	ZAZ - Zaporozhie	Ivan IV Mazep
countries	ZAZ - Zaporozhie	Kishka
countries	ZAZ - Zaporozhie	M. Vishnevetsky
countries	ZAZ - Zaporozhie	K. Kosynsky
countries	ZAZ - Zaporozhie	Divisional Hetmans
countries	ZAZ - Zaporozhie	Ivan Svirgovsky
countries	ZAZ - Zaporozhie	Gavrylovych
countries	ZAZ - Zaporozhie	Lukyan Chornsky
countries	ZAZ - Zaporozhie	Baybuza & Polous
countries	ZAZ - Zaporozhie	Mazeppa
countries	ZAZ - Zaporozhie	Danylo Apostol
countries	ZAZ - Zaporozhie	Ivan I Vygovskyy
countries	ZAZ - Zaporozhie	Zborovsky
countries	ZAZ - Zaporozhie	Samiylo III Kishka
countries	ZAZ - Zaporozhie	Ivan V Sulyma
countries	ZAZ - Zaporozhie	Bogdan IV Khmelnitsky
countries	ZAZ - Zaporozhie	Zakhar Kulaga
countries	ZAZ - Zaporozhie	Samiylo IV Sulyma
countries	ZAZ - Zaporozhie	G. Loboda
countries	ZAZ - Zaporozhie	Ivan V Sylyma
countries	ZAZ - Zaporozhie	M. Doroshenko
countries	ZAZ - Zaporozhie	Samiylo II
countries	ZAZ - Zaporozhie	Pavlo II Polubotok
countries	ZAZ - Zaporozhie	Rozumovsky
countries	ZAZ - Zaporozhie	V Chanovytsky
countries	ZAZ - Zaporozhie	P. Sagaydachny
countries	ZAZ - Zaporozhie	Orendarenko
countries	ZAZ - Zaporozhie	Andriyevch
countries	ZAZ - Zaporozhie	K. Vovk
countries	ZAZ - Zaporozhie	Chmielnicki
countries	ZAZ - Zaporozhie	G. Chorny
countries	ZAZ - Zaporozhie	Lukyan Chornynsky
countries	ZAZ - Zaporozhie	Gavrylo Kortnevych
countries	ZAZ - Zaporozhie	Gnat Vassylevsky
countries	ZAZ - Zaporozhie	Karpo P.
countries	ZAZ - Zaporozhie	Bogdan Ruzhinsky
countries	ZAZ - Zaporozhie	Yakiv I Shakh
countries	ZAZ - Zaporozhie	Tyskinevych
countries	ZAZ - Zaporozhie	Lyantskoronsky
countries	ZAZ - Zaporozhie	Ivan II Pidkova
countries	ZAZ - Zaporozhie	Semen I Skalozub
countries	ZAZ - Zaporozhie	Vassyl Tomylenko
countries	ZAZ - Zaporozhie	Gunya
countries	ZAZ - Zaporozhie	Shaula, Krempsky & Nech
countries	ZAZ - Zaporozhie	Kortnevych & Kutskovych
countries	ZAZ - Zaporozhie	Olifer Golub
countries	ZAZ - Zaporozhie	Ivan V Skoropadsky
countries	ZIM - Mutapa	Nyakambira
countries	ZIM - Mutapa	Neshangwe
countries	ZIM - Mutapa	Dehwe Mapunzagutu
countries	ZIM - Mutapa	Chivere
countries	ZIM - Mutapa	Chirisamhuru
countries	ZIM - Mutapa	Kakuyo
countries	ZIM - Mutapa	Nyenyedzi Zenda
countries	ZIM - Mutapa	Gatsi
countries	ZIM - Mutapa	Kamharapasu Mukombwe
countries	ZIM - Mutapa	Mukombero
countries	ZIM - Mutapa	Kamborapasu
countries	ZIM - Mutapa	Matope
countries	ZIM - Mutapa	Mavura
countries	ZIM - Mutapa	Mwenemutapa
countries	ZIM - Mutapa	Samatambira Nyamhandu I
countries	ZIM - Mutapa	Baroma Dangwarangwa
countries	ZIM - Mutapa	Mavura II
countries	ZIM - Mutapa	Siti
countries	ZIM - Mutapa	Changamire
countries	ZIM - Mutapa	Nyatsimba
countries	ZIM - Mutapa	Nyatsusu
countries	ZIM - Mutapa	Nyambo
countries	ZIM - Mutapa	Nyamaende Mhande
countries	ZIM - Mutapa	Mbire
countries	ZIM - Mutapa	Mavura I
countries	ZUN - Zunghar	Amursana
countries	ZUN - Zunghar	Erdeni Batur
countries	ZUN - Zunghar	Tsewang Rabdan
countries	ZUN - Zunghar	Dawaji
countries	ZUN - Zunghar	Sengge
countries	ZUN - Zunghar	Galdan Tseren
countries	ZUN - Zunghar	Lama Darja
countries	ZUN - Zunghar	Choros
countries	ZUN - Zunghar	Galdan Bashigt
countries	ZZZ - Zazzau	'Aliyu
countries	ZZZ - Zazzau	Karama
countries	ZZZ - Zazzau	Uban Bawa
countries	ZZZ - Zazzau	Bako
countries	ZZZ - Zazzau	Ibrahim
countries	ZZZ - Zazzau	Zazzau
countries	ZZZ - Zazzau	Muhammad Makau
countries	ZZZ - Zazzau	Bako IV dan unkuru
countries	ZZZ - Zazzau	Muhamman Abu III
countries	ZZZ - Zazzau	Ishaq Jatau
countries	ZZZ - Zazzau	Burema
countries	ZZZ - Zazzau	Bawo
countries	ZZZ - Zazzau	Bako III dan Musa
countries	ZZZ - Zazzau	Muhamman Abu
countries	ZZZ - Zazzau	Ishaq
countries	ZZZ - Zazzau	Cikkoku
countries	ZZZ - Zazzau	Malam
countries	ZZZ - Zazzau	Muhamman Abu II
countries	ZZZ - Zazzau	Muhamman dan Gunguma
countries	ZZZ - Zazzau	Amina
countries	ZZZ - Zazzau	Musa ibn Muhammad
countries	ZZZ - Zazzau	Dan Ashakuka
countries	ZZZ - Zazzau	Ya'qub
countries	ZZZ - Zazzau	Bako II
countries	ZZZ - Zazzau	Bakwa Turunku II
countries	ZZZ - Zazzau	Burema II Ashakuka
countries	ZZZ - Zazzau	Yunusa
countries	ZZZ - Zazzau	uhamman Mai Gamo
countries	ZZZ - Zazzau	Muhamman Gani
diplomacy	Chinese_alliances	tributary_state
diplomacy	Japanese_alliances	tributary_state
provinces	1-Uppland	Karl Knutsson Bonde
provinces	1-Uppland	Stockholm
provinces	10-Jamtland	Frösön
provinces	10-Jamtland	Östersund
provinces	100 - Friesland	Louis of Nassau
provinces	100 - Friesland	Les Gueux
provinces	100 - Friesland	Leeuwarden
provinces	1000 - Cree	Cree
provinces	1001 - Sault	Sault
provinces	1001 - Sault	Sault Ste. Marie
provinces	1002 - Abitbi	Abitbi
provinces	1003 - Moose Cree	Moose Cree
provinces	1004 - Attawapiskat	Attawapiskat
provinces	1005 - Swampy Cree	Swampy Cree
provinces	1006 - Chipewyan	Chipewyan
provinces	1007 - Ojibwa	Fort Kaministiquia
provinces	1007 - Ojibwa	Ojibwa
provinces	1008 - Winnipeg	Fort Maurepas
provinces	1008 - Winnipeg	Manitoba
provinces	1009 - Atikaki	Manitoba
provinces	101 - Genoa	Genova
provinces	1010 - Manitoba	Fort Dauphin
provinces	1010 - Manitoba	Manitoba
provinces	1011 - Woods Cree	Woods cree
provinces	1012 - Satsuma	Kagoshima
provinces	1013 - Cheongju	Cheongju
provinces	1014 - Bungo	Funai
provinces	1015 - Okinawa	Shuri
provinces	1016 - Ha Tinh	Ha Tinh
provinces	1017 - Suo	Yamaguchi
provinces	1017 - Suo	Hagi
provinces	1018 - Izumo	Matsue
provinces	1019 - Harima	Himeji
provinces	102 - Nice	Nice
provinces	1020 - Yamashiro	Kyoto
provinces	1021 - Settsu	Sakai
provinces	1021 - Settsu	Naniwa
provinces	1022 - Indrapura	Indrapura
provinces	1023 - Echizen	Ichijodani
provinces	1023 - Echizen	Kitanosho
provinces	1023 - Echizen	Fukui
provinces	1023 - Echizen	Takefu
provinces	1024 - Echigo	Naoetsu
provinces	1025 - Dewa	Yamagata
provinces	1026 - Rikuzen	Aizu
provinces	1026 - Rikuzen	Sendai
provinces	1027 - Hitachi	Mito
provinces	1027 - Hitachi	Ota
provinces	1028 - Musashi	Kawagoe
provinces	1028 - Musashi	Edo
provinces	1029 - Kai	Kofu
provinces	103 - Piedmont	Torino
provinces	1030 - Owari	Kiyosu
provinces	1030 - Owari	Nagoya
provinces	1031 - Kamikawa	Kamikawa
provinces	1032 - Kurils	Kuril
provinces	1033 - Sakhalin	Sakhalin
provinces	1034 - Kamchatka	Kamchatka
provinces	1034 - Kamchatka	Petropavlovsk
provinces	1035 - Penchisky	Penzhinsky
provinces	1036 - Podzhiversk	Srednekolymsk
provinces	1037 - Nizhe-Kolymsk	Omolon
provinces	1038 - Anadyrsk	Karalveyem
provinces	1039 - Verkhoyansk	Verkhoyansk
provinces	104 - Milan	Milano
provinces	1040 - Suntar Khayat	Suntar Khayata
provinces	1041 - Gizhiga	Gizhiga
provinces	1042 - Kamnuskoye	Sakha
provinces	1043 - Okhotsk	Okhotsk
provinces	1044 - Tauisk	Tauisk
provinces	1045 - Yakutsk	Yakutsk
provinces	1046 - Butalsk	Ust-Maya
provinces	1047 - Jugjur	Jugjur
provinces	1048 - Udskoye	Miyoo Gasan
provinces	1049 - Hailanboo	Haiilanboo
provinces	105 - Parma	Parma
provinces	1050 - Deren	Deren
provinces	1051 - Uchurskoye	Aldan
provinces	1052 - Verkohzehkoye	Stanovoy
provinces	1053 - Hinggan	Hinggan
provinces	1054 - Ilimsk	Mukhtuya
provinces	1055 - Verkne-Angarsky	Kirenga
provinces	1056 - Barguzinsky	Barguzin
provinces	1057 - Udinsky	Udinskoye
provinces	1058 - Nerchinsky	Onan Gol
provinces	1059 - Bratsk	Kezemskoe
provinces	106 - Modena	Modena
provinces	1060 - Irkutsk	Irkutsk
provinces	1061 - Yeniseysk	Novoselovo
provinces	1062 - Kachinsk	Angara
provinces	1063 - Sayan	Sayan
provinces	1064 - Tomsk	Tomsk
provinces	1065 - Kuznetsk	Kuznetsk
provinces	1066 - Altai	Altai Uriankhai
provinces	1067 - Narym	Turukhan
provinces	1068 - Pegaya Orda	Ket
provinces	1069 - Surgut	Sörgüt
provinces	1069 - Surgut	Surgut
provinces	107 - Brescia	Brescia
provinces	1070 - Koda	Narim
provinces	1071 - Tara	Omsk
provinces	1071 - Tara	Qizil Tura
provinces	1072 - Obdorsk	Obdorsk
provinces	1073 - Berezov	Berezov
provinces	1074 - Sibir	Tobolsk
provinces	1074 - Sibir	Qashliq
provinces	1075 - Tyumen	Tyumen
provinces	1075 - Tyumen	Chimgi-Tura
provinces	1076 - Kurgan	Kurgan
provinces	1076 - Kurgan	Tsaryovo Gorodische
provinces	1077 - Solikamsk	Solikamsk
provinces	1077 - Solikamsk	Usolye Kamskoye
provinces	1078 - Middle Urals	Yekaterinburg
provinces	1078 - Middle Urals	Neromkar
provinces	1078 - Middle Urals	Verkhoturye
provinces	1078 - Middle Urals	Yemelyan Pugachev
provinces	1079 - Viatka	Vyatka
provinces	1079 - Viatka	Hlynov
provinces	108 - Verona	Verona
provinces	1080 - North Urals	Nizhny Tagil
provinces	1080 - North Urals	Pelym
provinces	1081 - Simbirsk	Stepan Razin
provinces	1081 - Simbirsk	Bolgar
provinces	1081 - Simbirsk	Yemelyan Pugachev
provinces	1081 - Simbirsk	Simbirsk
provinces	1082 - Kazan	Stepan Razin
provinces	1082 - Kazan	Kazan
provinces	1082 - Kazan	Yemelyan Pugachev
provinces	1083 - Zavolochye	Yur
provinces	1083 - Zavolochye	Vetluga
provinces	1084 - Wadjuk	Wadjuk
provinces	1085 - Paredarerme	Hobart Town
provinces	1085 - Paredarerme	Paredarerme
provinces	1086 - Kaurna	Kaurna
provinces	1087 - Wurundjeri	Wurundjeri
provinces	1088 - Wergaia	Wergaia
provinces	1089 - Wiradjuri	Wiradjuri
provinces	109 - Mantua	Mantova
provinces	1090 - Eora	Eora
provinces	1090 - Eora	Sydney
provinces	1091 - Kamilaroi	Kamilaroi
provinces	1092 - Bundjalung	Bundjalung
provinces	1093 - Barunggam	Barunggam
provinces	1094 - Turrbal	Brisbane
provinces	1095 - Falklands	Falklands
provinces	1096 - Cape Verde	Cape Verde
provinces	1097 - Fernando Po	Fernando Po
provinces	1099 - Socotra	Suqutra
provinces	11-Vasterbotten	Umeå
provinces	110 - Trent	Trent
provinces	1100 - Mahe	Mahe
provinces	1101 - Diego Garcia	Diego Garcia
provinces	1102 - Mauritius	Mauritius
provinces	1103 - Bourbon	Bourbon
provinces	1103 - Bourbon	Saint-Denis
provinces	1104 - Eiriksfjord	Eiriksfjord
provinces	1105 - Vestbygden	Vestbygden
provinces	1106 - Whangarei	Whangarei
provinces	1107 - Taranaki	Taranaki
provinces	1108 - Tauranga	Tauranga
provinces	1109 - Timaru	Timaru
provinces	111 - Friuli	Udine
provinces	1110 - Rio de Oro	Agadir
provinces	1111 - Arguin	Arguin
provinces	1112 - Trarza	Awlil
provinces	1113 - Cayor	Mboul
provinces	1114 - Gabu	Kansala
provinces	1115 - Brakna	Aligh
provinces	1116 - Wolof	Jowol
provinces	1117 - Futa Jallon	Timbo
provinces	1118 - Sierra Leone	Sherbro
provinces	1118 - Sierra Leone	Freetown
provinces	1119 - Grain Coast	Mesurado
provinces	112 - Venezia	Venezia
provinces	1120 - Bambuk	Bambuk
provinces	1120 - Bambuk	Guemu
provinces	1121 - Bure	Kurussa
provinces	1122 - Bagoe	Tingrela
provinces	1123 - Segu	Kirina
provinces	1123 - Segu	Segu
provinces	1124 - Wasuju	Niani
provinces	1125 - Kong	Kong
provinces	1126 - Ivory Coast	Assinie
provinces	1127 - Tuat	Tawat
provinces	1128 - Taodeni	Tawdani
provinces	1129 - Azawadd	Arawan
provinces	113 - Ferrara	Ferrara
provinces	1130 - Tadmekka	Tadmekka al-Suq
provinces	1131 - Massina	Macina
provinces	1132 - Timbuktu	Timbuktu
provinces	1133 - Gao	Gao
provinces	1134 - Jenne	Jenne
provinces	1135 - Yatenga	Gursi
provinces	1135 - Yatenga	Biisaga
provinces	1135 - Yatenga	Wahiguya
provinces	1136 - Gurma	Bilanga
provinces	1137 - Wagadugi	Wagadugu
provinces	1138 - Kumasi	Akyem Kotoko
provinces	1138 - Kumasi	Kumasi
provinces	1139 - Gold Coast	Accra
provinces	1139 - Gold Coast	Fort Christianborg
provinces	1139 - Gold Coast	Sao Francisco Xavier
provinces	114 - Romagna	Bologna
provinces	1140 - Abomey	Abomey
provinces	1140 - Abomey	Allada
provinces	1141 - Whydah	Whydah
provinces	1142 - Dendi	Lulama
provinces	1143 - Borgu	Nikki
provinces	1143 - Borgu	Bussa
provinces	1144 - Oyo	Oyo
provinces	1144 - Oyo	Kusu
provinces	1144 - Oyo	Igboho
provinces	1145 - Nupe	Nupe
provinces	1146 - Ife	Ife Ile
provinces	1147 - Benin	Oredo
provinces	1148 - Gobir	Gwaran Rama
provinces	1148 - Gobir	Sokoto
provinces	1148 - Gobir	Hisatau
provinces	1148 - Gobir	Birnin Lalle
provinces	1149 - Katsina	Katsina
provinces	115 - Pisa	Pisa
provinces	1150 - Zamfara	Birnin Zamfara
provinces	1150 - Zamfara	Dutsi
provinces	1151 - Bonny	Bonny
provinces	1152 - Idah	Idah
provinces	1153 - Pindinga	Lafia
provinces	1154 - Zazzau	Turunku
provinces	1154 - Zazzau	Zaria
provinces	1155 - Kano	Kano
provinces	1156 - Damagaram	Mashina
provinces	1156 - Damagaram	Zinder
provinces	1157 - Borno	Kukawa
provinces	1157 - Borno	Gatiga
provinces	1157 - Borno	Gazargamu
provinces	1158 - Kanem	Mao
provinces	1158 - Kanem	Ngala
provinces	1159 - Bagirmi	Massenya
provinces	116 - Firenze	Firenze
provinces	116 - Firenze	birthplace_of_the_renaissance
provinces	1160 - Mandara	Dulo
provinces	1160 - Mandara	Wandala
provinces	1161 - Bauchi	Bauchi
provinces	1162 - Wukari	Wukari
provinces	1163 - Calabar	Calabar
provinces	1164 - Cameroon	Cameroon
provinces	1165 - Gabon	Gabon
provinces	1166 - Loango	Loango
provinces	1167 - Luanda	Aardenburgh
provinces	1167 - Luanda	São Paulo de Luanda
provinces	1167 - Luanda	Luanda
provinces	1168 - Kisarna	Lovata
provinces	1169 - Mayombe	Anziku
provinces	117 - Siena	Siena
provinces	1170 - Kongo	M'banza Kongo
provinces	1170 - Kongo	São Salvador do Congo
provinces	1171 - Ndongo	Filipe Hari
provinces	1171 - Ndongo	Kabasa
provinces	1172 - Benguela	Benguela
provinces	1174 - Walvis Bay	Walvis Bay
provinces	1175 - Lesser Namaqualand	Lesser Namaqualand
provinces	1176 - Roggeveld	Roggeveld
provinces	1177 - Cape	Cape Town
provinces	1177 - Cape	Cape
provinces	1178 - Great Karoo	Great Karoo
provinces	1179 - Little Karoo	Swellendam
provinces	118 - Roma	Roma
provinces	1180 - Transkei	Thembu
provinces	1181 - Natal	Magulu
provinces	1182 - Delagoa Bay	Maputo
provinces	1182 - Delagoa Bay	Xefina
provinces	1182 - Delagoa Bay	Lourenco Marques
provinces	1183 - Inhambane	Inhambane
provinces	1184 - Zimbabwe	Zimbabwe
provinces	1185 - Buha	Khami
provinces	1186 - Sofala	Sofala
provinces	1187 - Sena	Sena
provinces	1188 - Masapa	Massapa
provinces	1189 - Shangwe	Shangwe
provinces	119 - Ancona	Ancona
provinces	1190 - Zumbo	Zumbo
provinces	1190 - Zumbo	Chikova
provinces	1191 - Tete	Tete
provinces	1192 - Quelimane	Quelimane
provinces	1193 - Menabe	Morondava
provinces	1194 - Boina	Besalampy
provinces	1195 - Mozambique	Mozambique
provinces	1196 - Kilwa	Kilwa Kisiwani
provinces	1197 - Mzizima	Mzizima
provinces	1198 - Lindi	Lindi
provinces	1199 - Bagamoyo	Bagamayo
provinces	12-Sjaelland	København
provinces	120 - Abbruzzi	L'Aquila
provinces	1200 - Tanga	Vumba Kuu
provinces	1201 - Zanzibar	Zanzibar
provinces	1202 - Mombasa	Yusuf ibn Hasan
provinces	1202 - Mombasa	Mombasa
provinces	1203 - Malindi	Malindi
provinces	1204 - Lamu	Lamu
provinces	1205 - Mogadishu	Maqdishu
provinces	1206 - Qardho	Qardho
provinces	1207 - Ogaden	Bale
provinces	1208 - Degehabur	Degehabur
provinces	1209 - Berbera	Berbera
provinces	121 - Napoli	Napoli
provinces	1210 - Dawaro	Gende Belo
provinces	1211 - Harer	Harer
provinces	1212 - Zeila	Zayla
provinces	1213 - Shoa	Badeqe
provinces	1213 - Shoa	Debre Birhan
provinces	1213 - Shoa	Munesa
provinces	1214 - Awsa	Hayq
provinces	1215 - Tajura	Tajura
provinces	1216 - Dar Nuba	Takala
provinces	1217 - Fazughli	Alays
provinces	1217 - Fazughli	Fashoda
provinces	1218 - Kefa	Irgalem
provinces	1219 - Kordofan	Al-Fashir
provinces	122 - Apulia	Taranto
provinces	1220 - Dar Jaal	Bayuda
provinces	1221 - Taqali	Al-Ubayyid
provinces	1222 - Gezira	Sennar
provinces	1223 - Gojjam	Debre Asbo
provinces	1224 - Gonder	Gonder
provinces	1224 - Gonder	Gondar
provinces	1225 - Butana	Qarri
provinces	1226 - Taka	Qoz Rajab
provinces	1227 - Tigre	Debarwa
provinces	1228 - Dongola	Dunqula
provinces	1229 - Berber	Berber
provinces	123 - Calabria	Reggio di Calabria
provinces	1230 - Massawa	Mitsiwa
provinces	1231 - Aswan	Aswan
provinces	1232 - Suakin	Suakin
provinces	1233 - Kharga	Kharga
provinces	1234 - Qasr Ibrim	Qasr Ibrim
provinces	1235 - Guam	Guam
provinces	1236 - Rabaul	Rabaul
provinces	1237 - Hanuabada	Hanuabada
provinces	1238 - Solomon Islands	Solomon
provinces	1239 - Vanuatu	Vanuatu
provinces	124 - Messina	Messina
provinces	1240 - Hawaii	Wakiki
provinces	1240 - Hawaii	Kailua-Kona
provinces	1240 - Hawaii	Honolulu
provinces	1241 - Kiribati	Kiribati
provinces	1242 - Fiji	Fiji
provinces	1243 - Samoa	Samoa
provinces	1244 - Tahiti	Tahiti
provinces	1245 - Manokwari	Manokwari
provinces	1246 - Waihopai	Waihopai
provinces	1247 - Corsica	Bastia
provinces	1248 - Maldives	Malé
provinces	1249 - Yola	Kwararafa
provinces	125 - Palermo	Palermo
provinces	126 - Malta	Valletta
provinces	126 - Malta	Birgu
provinces	126 - Malta	Mdina
provinces	127 - Sassari	Sassari
provinces	128 - Karnten	Klagenfurt
provinces	129 - Krain	Laibach
provinces	13-Slesvig	Slesvig
provinces	130 - Istria	Trieste
provinces	1306 - Sao Tomel	São Tomé
provinces	131 - Zagorje	Zagreb
provinces	1318 - Spis	Spi
provinces	132 - Steiermark	Judenburg
provinces	133 - Linz	Linz
provinces	134 - Wien	Wien
provinces	135 - Sopron	Sopron
provinces	136 - Dalmatia	Zadar
provinces	137 - Ragusa	Ragusa
provinces	138 - Zeta	Zabljak
provinces	138 - Zeta	Cetinje
provinces	139 - Hum	Mostar
provinces	14-Fyn	Odense
provinces	140 - Bosnia	Doboj
provinces	141 - Serbia	Smederevo
provinces	142 - Corfu	Corfu
provinces	143 - Vlore	Tirana
provinces	143 - Vlore	Vlorë
provinces	144 - Janina	Ioannina
provinces	144 - Janina	Janina
provinces	145 - Morea	Mystras
provinces	146 - Athens	Athens
provinces	147 - Salonica	Larissa
provinces	148 - Thessaloniki	Thessaloniki
provinces	149 - Edirne	Mûsa's Faction
provinces	149 - Edirne	Edirne
provinces	149 - Edirne	Süleyman Osmanoglu
provinces	149 - Edirne	Süleyman's Faction
provinces	149 - Edirne	Mûsa Osmanoglu
provinces	15-Jylland	Ribe
provinces	150 - Tarnovo	Tarnovo
provinces	151 - Constantinople	Constantinople
provinces	152 - Belovar	Varazdin
provinces	153 - Pest	Buda
provinces	154 - Hont	Érsekújvár
provinces	154 - Hont	Hont
provinces	155 - Bekes	Gyula
provinces	156 - Temes	Temesvár
provinces	157 - Bihar	Oradea
provinces	158 - Maros	Targu Mures
provinces	159 - Silistria	Silistra
provinces	16-Bohuslan	Marstrand
provinces	16-Bohuslan	Uddevalla
provinces	160 - Oltenia	Craiova
provinces	161 - Tirgoviste	Bucuresti
provinces	161 - Tirgoviste	Tîrgoviste
provinces	162 - Zemplen	Kassa
provinces	163 - Crete	Heraklion
provinces	164 - Naxos	Naxos
provinces	165 - Bern	Bern
provinces	166 - Schwyz	Schwyz
provinces	167 - Caux	Rouen
provinces	168 - Normandie	Caen
provinces	169 - Armor	Saint-Malo
provinces	17-Akershus	Oslo
provinces	170 - Finistere	Brest
provinces	171 - Vannetais	Lorient
provinces	171 - Vannetais	Vannes
provinces	172 - Vendee	Nantes
provinces	173 - Labourd	Bayonne
provinces	174 - Gascogne	Bordeaux
provinces	1742 - Limburg	Limburg
provinces	1742 - Limburg	Geldern
provinces	1742 - Limburg	Roermond
provinces	1743 - Cambray	Cambray
provinces	1744 - Antwerpen	Antwerp
provinces	1745 - Cantabria	Santander
provinces	1746 - Burgos	Burgos
provinces	1747 - Caceres	Caceres
provinces	1748 - La Mancha	Jaén
provinces	1749 - Cadiz	Cadiz
provinces	175 - Armagnac	Auch
provinces	1750 - Alicante	Alàcant
provinces	1751 - Ceuta	Cebta
provinces	1752 - Rzhev	Rzhev
provinces	1753 - Kostroma	Kostroma
provinces	1754 - Orel	Murom
provinces	1755 - Ustyug	Veliky Ustyug
provinces	1755 - Ustyug	Ustyug
provinces	1756 - Budjak	Kilia
provinces	1757 - Oberpfalz	Amberg
provinces	1758 - Hannover	Hannover
provinces	1759 - Potsdam	Potsdam
provinces	176 - Bearn	Pau
provinces	1760 - Koblenz	Koblenz
provinces	1761 - Pfalz	Worms
provinces	1762 - Kassel	Kassel
provinces	1763 - Niederlausitz	Cottbus
provinces	1764 - Burgas	Burgas
provinces	1765 - Nis	Sofia
provinces	1766 - Kosovo	Pristina
provinces	1767 - Veroce	Osijek
provinces	1768 - Lienz	Lienz
provinces	1769 - Gorz	Görz
provinces	1769 - Gorz	Gorizia
provinces	177 - Maine	Le Mans
provinces	1770 - Ostmarch	Krems
provinces	1771 - Erz	Litomerice
provinces	1772 - Pozsony	Pressburg
provinces	1773 - Achaea	Nafplio
provinces	1774 - Treviso	Treviso
provinces	1775 - Holstein	Kiel
provinces	1776-Karelia	Kem
provinces	1777-Kola	Kola
provinces	1778 - Kasimov	Novy Nizovoy
provinces	1778 - Kasimov	Kasimov
provinces	178 - Anjou	Angers
provinces	1780 - Komi	Yarensk
provinces	179 - Berry	Bourges
provinces	1792 - Antananarivo	Ambohidrabiby
provinces	1792 - Antananarivo	Antananarivo
provinces	1792 - Antananarivo	Alasora
provinces	1792 - Antananarivo	Ambohimanga
provinces	18-Lappland	Arvidsjaur
provinces	18-Lappland	Lycksele
provinces	180 - Poitou	Poitiers
provinces	1800 - Limpopo	Gaza
provinces	1809 - Cheyenne	Cheyenne
provinces	181 - Rethel	Rethel
provinces	1813 - Saskatchewan	Saskatchewan
provinces	1815 - Pathein	Pathein
provinces	1816 - Beijing	Beijing
provinces	1817 - Nan	Nan
provinces	1818 - Chikuzen	Hakata
provinces	1818 - Chikuzen	Fukuoka
provinces	1819 - Tosa	Kochi
provinces	1819 - Tosa	Urado
provinces	1819 - Tosa	Oko
provinces	1819 - Tosa	Nakamura
provinces	182 - Vermandois	Soissons
provinces	1820 - Awa	Tokushima
provinces	1821 - Nanjing	Nanjing
provinces	1822 - Suzhou	Suzhou
provinces	1823 - Stung Treng	Stung Treng
provinces	1824 - Wenzhou	Wenzhou
provinces	1825 - Aki	Tomo
provinces	1825 - Aki	Koriyama
provinces	1825 - Aki	Hiroshima
provinces	1826 - Lika	Rijeka
provinces	1827 - Raska	Trgoviste
provinces	1827 - Raska	Novi Pazar
provinces	1828 - Donji Krajii	Jajce
provinces	1829 - Quanzhou	Quanzhou
provinces	183 - Ile-de-France	birthplace_of_manufactories
provinces	183 - Ile-de-France	Paris
provinces	1830 - Tajima	Tottori
provinces	1831 - Travunia	Trebinje
provinces	1832 - Yamato	Nara
provinces	1833 - Ji'an	Ji'an
provinces	1834 - Dorpat	Dorpat
provinces	1835 - Mino	Gifu
provinces	1835 - Mino	Inabayama
provinces	1836 - Luoyang	Luoyang
provinces	1837 - Etchu	Kanazawa
provinces	1838 - Hefei	Hefei
provinces	1839 - Suruga	Sunpu
provinces	184 - Orleanais	Orléans
provinces	1840 - Guilin	Guilin
provinces	1841 - Marienburg	Marienburg
provinces	1842 - Narva	Narva
provinces	1843 - Kozuke	Mayabashi
provinces	1844 - Xiankhouang	Muang Khoun
provinces	1845 - South Pyongan	Pyeongyang
provinces	1846 - Amasya	Amasya
provinces	1847 - Shiribeshi	Shiribeshi
provinces	1848 - Hamid	Burdur
provinces	1849 - Hama	Hama
provinces	185 - Othe	Nemours
provinces	1850 - Yaran	Yaran
provinces	1851 - Ribatejo	Coimbra
provinces	1852 - Tokachi	Tokachi
provinces	1853- Kastoria	Kastoria
provinces	1854 - Nablus	Nablus
provinces	1855 - Sidon	Sayda
provinces	1856 - Abkhazia	Sukhumi
provinces	1857 - Lauenburg	Lauenburg
provinces	1858 - Stettin	Stettin
provinces	1859 - Torun	Torun
provinces	186 - Champagne	Reims
provinces	1860 - Norfolk	Birmingham
provinces	1860 - Norfolk	Norwich
provinces	1861 - Derby	Derby
provinces	1861 - Derby	Birmingham
provinces	1862 - Cremona	Cremona
provinces	1863 - Graz	Graz
provinces	1864 - Somogy	Kaposvár
provinces	1865 - Ghent	Ghent
provinces	1866 - Namur	Namur
provinces	1867 - Freiburg	Lausanne
provinces	1868 - Augsburg	Augsburg
provinces	1869 - Zurich	Zürich
provinces	187 - Barrois	Verdun
provinces	187 - Barrois	Bar-le-Duc
provinces	1870 - St Gallen	St Gallen
provinces	1871 - Wallis	Sion
provinces	1872 - Ulm	Ulm
provinces	1873 - Chur	Chur
provinces	1874 - Bremen	Bremen
provinces	1875 - Turin	Cuneo
provinces	1876 - Frankfurt	birthplace_of_printing_press
provinces	1876 - Frankfurt	Frankfurt
provinces	1877 - Charolais	Charolles
provinces	1878 - Aachen	Aachen
provinces	1879 - Alencon	Alençon
provinces	188 - Metz	Thionville
provinces	188 - Metz	Metz
provinces	1880 - Sundgau	Altkirch
provinces	1881 - St. Martin	St. Martin
provinces	1882 - Bone	Annaba
provinces	189 - Lothringen	Nancy
provinces	19-Osterbotten	Korsholm
provinces	19-Osterbotten	Vasa
provinces	190 - Bourbon	Moulins
provinces	1901 - Lake Volta	Sundi
provinces	191 - Nevers	Nevers
provinces	192 - Bourgogne	Dijon
provinces	193 - Franche-Comte	Besançon
provinces	1930 - Aland	Mariehamn
provinces	1931 - East Frisia	Emden
provinces	1931 - East Frisia	Focko Ukena
provinces	1933 - Bari	Bari
provinces	1934 - Lucania	Potenza
provinces	1935 - Semigallia	Mitau
provinces	1936 - Kovno	Kovno
provinces	1937 - Grodno	Grodno
provinces	1938 - Wizna	Wizna
provinces	1939 - Leczyca	Leczyca
provinces	194 - Bergerac	Bergerac
provinces	1940 - Belz	Belz
provinces	1941 - Turov	Turov
provinces	1942 - Zhytomyr	Zhytomyr
provinces	1943 - Bratslav	Bratslav
provinces	1944 - Cherkasy	Cherkasy
provinces	1945 - Novgorod-Seversky	Novgorod-Seversky
provinces	1946 - Desh	Kolhapur
provinces	1946 - Desh	Satara
provinces	1947 - Gingee	Gingee
provinces	1948 - Bidar	Bidar
provinces	1949 - Rayalaseema	Kadapa
provinces	1949 - Rayalaseema	Chandragiri
provinces	1949 - Rayalaseema	Tirupati
provinces	1949 - Rayalaseema	Cuddapah
provinces	1949 - Rayalaseema	Penukonda
provinces	195 - Limousin	Jules Mazarin
provinces	195 - Limousin	Limoges
provinces	1951 - Hunyad	Alba Iulia
provinces	1952 - Maramaros	Huszt
provinces	1953 - Szabolcs	Debrecen
provinces	1954 - Torontal	Nagybecskerek
provinces	1955 - Kholmogory	Kholmogory
provinces	1955 - Kholmogory	Novokholmogory
provinces	1955 - Kholmogory	Archangelsk
provinces	1956 - Suzdal	Suzdal
provinces	1957 - Galich	Galich
provinces	1958 - Kargopol	Kargopol
provinces	1959 - Torzhok	Torzhok
provinces	196 - Toulouse	Toulouse
provinces	1960 - Ostrov	Ostrov
provinces	1961 - Ladoga	Ladoga
provinces	1962 - Kudymkar	Kudymkar
provinces	1963 - Cherdyn	Cherdyn
provinces	1964 - Ust-Sysolsk	Ust-Sysola
provinces	1964 - Ust-Sysolsk	Ust-Sysolsk
provinces	1965 - Buzuluk	Buzuluk
provinces	1965 - Buzuluk	Buzulukskaya
provinces	1965 - Buzuluk	Yemelyan Pugachev
provinces	1966 - Chelyaba	Chelyaba
provinces	1966 - Chelyaba	Chelyabinsk
provinces	1966 - Chelyaba	Yemelyan Pugachev
provinces	1967 - Khujand	Khujand
provinces	1968 - Kulob	Kulob
provinces	1969 - Sozak	Sozak
provinces	197 - Roussillon	Jaume d'Urgell
provinces	197 - Roussillon	Perpignan
provinces	1970 - Syghnak	Syghnak
provinces	1971 - Tsaritsyn	Stepan Razin
provinces	1971 - Tsaritsyn	Sary-Su
provinces	1971 - Tsaritsyn	Tsaritsyn
provinces	1971 - Tsaritsyn	Yemelyan Pugachev
provinces	1972 - Udmurtia	Elabuga
provinces	1972 - Udmurtia	Izhevsk
provinces	1972 - Udmurtia	Yemelyan Pugachev
provinces	1973 - Urgench	Urgench
provinces	1974 - Yedishkul	Kherson
provinces	1978 - Shetlands	Lerwick
provinces	1979 -Faroes	Torshavn
provinces	198 - Rouergue	Rodez
provinces	1981-Bornholm	Ronne
provinces	1982-Blekinge	Ronneby
provinces	1982-Blekinge	Karlskrona
provinces	1983-Lolland	Nykobing
provinces	1984-Nordjylland	Aalborg
provinces	1985-Narke	Örebro
provinces	1986 - New Caledonia	Nouméa
provinces	1987 - Society Islands	Papeete
provinces	1988 - Rapa Nui	Hanga Roa
provinces	1989 - Tonga	Nuku'alofa
provinces	199 - Auvergne	Clermont
provinces	199 - Auvergne	Clermont-Ferrand
provinces	1990 - Tuvalu	Funafuti
provinces	1991 - Gilbert Islands	Tarawa
provinces	1992 - Nauru	Yaren
provinces	1993 - Masrshall Islands	Majuro
provinces	1994 - Wake	Wake
provinces	1995 - Micronesia	Palikir
provinces	1996  Palau	Ngerulmud
provinces	1997 - Midway	Midway
provinces	1998 - Christmas Island	Flying Fish Cove
provinces	1999 - Cocos Island	West Island
provinces	2-Ostergotland	Norrköping
provinces	2-Ostergotland	Linköping
provinces	20-Trondelag	Trondheim
provinces	200 - Languedoc	Montpellier
provinces	2002 - Galapagos Islands	Puerto Baquerizo Moreno
provinces	2003 - Ktunaxa	Ktunaxa
provinces	2004 - Niitsitapi	Niitsitapi
provinces	2005 - Asinaan	Asinaan
provinces	2006 - Apsaalooke	Apsáalooke
provinces	2007 - Arikara	Arikara
provinces	2008 - Yankton	Lakota
provinces	2009 - Teton	Teton
provinces	201 - Provence	Aix-en-Provence
provinces	201 - Provence	Marseille
provinces	2010 - Connecticut	Hartford
provinces	2010 - Connecticut	Connecticut
provinces	2011 - Shenandoah	Manahoac
provinces	2012 - Arsigantegok	Arsigantegok
provinces	2013 - Kennebec	Kennebec
provinces	2014 - Natchitoches	Natchitoches
provinces	2015 - Nipigon	Fort Népigon
provinces	2015 - Nipigon	Nipigon
provinces	2016 - Bungi	Bungi
provinces	2016 - Bungi	Grandes Fourches
provinces	2017 - Nehiyawewin	Nehiyawewin
provinces	2017 - Nehiyawewin	Fort Edmonton
provinces	2018 - Tsuutina	Tsuutina
provinces	2019 - Nimiipu	Nimiipu
provinces	202 - Avignon	Avignon
provinces	2020 - Bannock	Bannock
provinces	2021 - Miwok	Yerba Buena
provinces	2021 - Miwok	Salinan
provinces	2022 - Haida	Haida
provinces	2023 - Munsee	Munsee
provinces	2023 - Munsee	Wilkes-Barre
provinces	2024 - Ajuuran	Garoowe
provinces	2025 - South Georgia	South Georgia
provinces	2026 - Tanjore	Thanjavur
provinces	2027 - Arcot	Arcot
provinces	2028 - Mahur	Mahur
provinces	2029 - South Kanara	Mangalore
provinces	203 - Lyonnais	Lyon
provinces	2030 - Goa	Goa
provinces	2031 - Morasanadu	Bangalore
provinces	2031 - Morasanadu	Devarayanagara
provinces	2031 - Morasanadu	Sira
provinces	2032 - Malenadu	Ikkeri
provinces	2033 - Savanaur	Dharwar
provinces	2034 - Pune	Pune
provinces	2035 - Gulbarga	Gulbarga
provinces	2036 - Baglana	Nashik
provinces	2036 - Baglana	Khuldabad
provinces	2036 - Baglana	Mayuragiri
provinces	2037 - Warangal	Warangal
provinces	2038 - Midnapore	Muhammed Shuja Timurid
provinces	2038 - Midnapore	Midnapore
provinces	2038 - Midnapore	Shah Jahan Timurid
provinces	2038 - Midnapore	Muhammed Shuja's Faction
provinces	2038 - Midnapore	Khurrams Faction
provinces	2039 - Sunderbans	Bagerhat
provinces	2039 - Sunderbans	Muhammed Shuja Timurid
provinces	2039 - Sunderbans	Shah Jahan Timurid
provinces	2039 - Sunderbans	Muhammed Shuja's Faction
provinces	2039 - Sunderbans	Khurrams Faction
provinces	204 - Dauphine	Louis
provinces	204 - Dauphine	Grenoble
provinces	2040 - Sadiya	Sadiya
provinces	2041 - Manipur	Imphal
provinces	2042 - Koch Hajo	Gauhauti
provinces	2042 - Koch Hajo	Shah Jahan Timurid
provinces	2042 - Koch Hajo	Khurrams Faction
provinces	2043 - Balasore	Balasore
provinces	2043 - Balasore	Muhammed Shuja Timurid
provinces	2043 - Balasore	Shah Jahan Timurid
provinces	2043 - Balasore	Muhammed Shuja's Faction
provinces	2043 - Balasore	Khurrams Faction
provinces	2044 - Bhagalpur	Sher Shah Sur
provinces	2044 - Bhagalpur	Muhammed Shuja Timurid
provinces	2044 - Bhagalpur	Bhagalpur
provinces	2044 - Bhagalpur	Shah Jahan Timurid
provinces	2044 - Bhagalpur	Muhammed Shuja's Faction
provinces	2044 - Bhagalpur	Khurrams Faction
provinces	2045 - Barind	Muhammed Shuja Timurid
provinces	2045 - Barind	Pandua
provinces	2045 - Barind	Shah Jahan Timurid
provinces	2045 - Barind	Muhammed Shuja's Faction
provinces	2045 - Barind	Khurrams Faction
provinces	2046 - Nasirabad	Shah Jahan Timurid
provinces	2046 - Nasirabad	Nasirabad
provinces	2046 - Nasirabad	Khurrams Faction
provinces	2047 - Tirhut	Sugauna
provinces	2047 - Tirhut	Darbhanga
provinces	2047 - Tirhut	Muhammed Shuja Timurid
provinces	2047 - Tirhut	Shah Jahan Timurid
provinces	2047 - Tirhut	Muhammed Shuja's Faction
provinces	2047 - Tirhut	Khurrams Faction
provinces	2048 - Garjat	Kalahandi
provinces	2049 - Khurda	Khurda
provinces	205 - Savoie	Chambéry
provinces	2050 - Chanda	Ballarsah
provinces	2051 - Bhavnagar	Bhavnagar
provinces	2052 - Navanagar	Navanagar
provinces	2052 - Navanagar	Nagnes
provinces	2053 - Patan	Patan
provinces	2054 - Ahmadabad	Ahmadabad
provinces	2055 - Gorakhpur	Muhammed Shuja Timurid
provinces	2055 - Gorakhpur	Landless Nobles
provinces	2055 - Gorakhpur	Mahmud Lodi
provinces	2055 - Gorakhpur	Gorakhpur
provinces	2055 - Gorakhpur	Muhammed Shuja's Faction
provinces	2055 - Gorakhpur	Shah Jahan Timurid
provinces	2055 - Gorakhpur	Jalal Khan Lodi
provinces	2055 - Gorakhpur	Khurrams Faction
provinces	2056 - Rewa Kantha	Dahod
provinces	2056 - Rewa Kantha	Rajpipla
provinces	2056 - Rewa Kantha	Muhammadabad
provinces	2056 - Rewa Kantha	Godhra
provinces	2056 - Rewa Kantha	Champaner
provinces	2057 - Bhelsa	Bhelsa
provinces	2057 - Bhelsa	Bhopal
provinces	2058 - Mewar	Kotharia
provinces	2058 - Mewar	Udaipur
provinces	2059 - Kalpi	Kalpi
provinces	206 - Galicia	A Corunha
provinces	206 - Galicia	Fernando
provinces	2060 - Upper Doab	Meerut
provinces	2061 - Katehar	Badayun
provinces	2061 - Katehar	Rampur
provinces	2062 - Panipat	Panipat
provinces	2062 - Panipat	Bahlul Lodi
provinces	2063 - Etawah	Aurangzeb's Faction
provinces	2063 - Etawah	Etawah
provinces	2063 - Etawah	Shah Jahan Timurid
provinces	2063 - Etawah	Muhammad Azam Shah Timurid
provinces	2063 - Etawah	Aurangzeb Alamgir Timurid
provinces	2063 - Etawah	Khurrams Faction
provinces	2064 - Shekhawati	Sikar
provinces	2065 - Bhattiana	Hisar
provinces	2066 - Nagaur	Nagaur
provinces	2067 - Gorwar	Palanpur
provinces	2067 - Gorwar	Jalor
provinces	2068 - Siwistan	Siwi
provinces	2069 - Kumaon	Champawat
provinces	2069 - Kumaon	Almora
provinces	207 - Asturias	Oviedo
provinces	2070 - Chaubisi Rajya	Ghurka
provinces	2071 - Limbuwan	Phedap
provinces	2072 - Bhakkar	Shikarpur
provinces	2072 - Bhakkar	Sukkur
provinces	2072 - Bhakkar	Bhakkar
provinces	2072 - Bhakkar	Burahan
provinces	2072 - Bhakkar	Khairpur
provinces	2073 - Baltistan	Skardu
provinces	2074 - Ladakh	Leh
provinces	2075 - Doaba	Amritsar
provinces	2075 - Doaba	Jalandhar
provinces	2075 - Doaba	Bahlul Lodi
provinces	2076 - Sialkot	Dalaut Khan Lodi
provinces	2076 - Sialkot	Bahlul Lodi
provinces	2076 - Sialkot	Sialkot
provinces	2077 - Margalla	Dalaut Khan Lodi
provinces	2077 - Margalla	Rawalpindi
provinces	2078 - Sind Sagar	Dera Ismail Khan
provinces	2078 - Sind Sagar	Karor
provinces	2079 - Derajat	Dera Ghazi Khan
provinces	208 - Leon	León
provinces	2080 - Srikakulam	Hamvira Suryavamsi
provinces	2080 - Srikakulam	Srikakulam
provinces	2081 - Lakhnor	Lakhnor
provinces	2081 - Lakhnor	Muhammed Shuja Timurid
provinces	2081 - Lakhnor	Bardhaman
provinces	2081 - Lakhnor	Burdwan
provinces	2081 - Lakhnor	Shah Jahan Timurid
provinces	2081 - Lakhnor	Muhammed Shuja's Faction
provinces	2081 - Lakhnor	Khurrams Faction
provinces	2082 - Raipur	Raipur
provinces	2083 - Kosta	Nellore
provinces	2083 - Kosta	Udayagiri
provinces	2084 - Konaseema	Rajahmundry
provinces	2085 - Tiruchirapalli	Tiruchirapalli
provinces	2086 - Cholistan	Bahawalpur
provinces	2086 - Cholistan	Uch
provinces	2087 - Ajmer	Ajmer
provinces	2088 - Umarkot	Umarkot
provinces	2088 - Umarkot	Hyderabad
provinces	2089 - Chaul	Kolaba
provinces	2089 - Chaul	Chaul
provinces	2089 - Chaul	Janjira
provinces	209 - Vizcaya	Bilbao
provinces	2090 - Kurnool	Srisailam
provinces	2090 - Kurnool	Kurnool
provinces	2091 - Tripura	Udaipur
provinces	2092 - Mahadeo	Kherla
provinces	2092 - Mahadeo	Deogarh
provinces	2093 - Mandsaur	Mandsaur
provinces	2094 - Bahreich	Bahreich
provinces	2094 - Bahreich	Muhammed Shuja Timurid
provinces	2094 - Bahreich	Landless Nobles
provinces	2094 - Bahreich	Mahmud Lodi
provinces	2094 - Bahreich	Muhammed Shuja's Faction
provinces	2094 - Bahreich	Shah Jahan Timurid
provinces	2094 - Bahreich	Jalal Khan Lodi
provinces	2094 - Bahreich	Khurrams Faction
provinces	2095 - Varanasi	Chunar
provinces	2095 - Varanasi	Varanasi
provinces	2095 - Varanasi	Muhammed Shuja Timurid
provinces	2095 - Varanasi	Landless Nobles
provinces	2095 - Varanasi	Shah Jahan Timurid
provinces	2095 - Varanasi	hinduism
provinces	2095 - Varanasi	Muhammed Shuja's Faction
provinces	2095 - Varanasi	Khurrams Faction
provinces	2096 - Damin	Deogarh
provinces	2097 - Bagelkhand	Bandhogarh
provinces	2097 - Bagelkhand	Rewa
provinces	2098 - Surguja	Surguja
provinces	2099 - Kandy	Kandy
provinces	2099 - Kandy	Gampala
provinces	21-Halogaland	Steig
provinces	210 - Navarra	Pamplona
provinces	2100 - Vanni	Yapapatuna
provinces	2101 - Tirunelveli	Tirunelveli
provinces	2102 - Urkan	Urkantun
provinces	2103 - Udi	Udi
provinces	2104 - Birija	Niuman
provinces	2105 - Kuru	Kuru
provinces	2106 - Furdan	Furdan
provinces	2107 - Ningguta	Ningguta
provinces	2108 - Huncun	Huncun
provinces	2109 - Boduna	Boduna
provinces	211 - Pirineo	Huesca
provinces	2110 - Yehe	Yehe
provinces	2111 - Hetu Ala	Hetu Ala
provinces	2112 - Andong	Andong
provinces	2113 - Gaizhou	Gaizhou
provinces	2114 - Ereen	Ereen
provinces	2115 - Chahar	Chahar
provinces	2116 - Ih Huree	Ih Huree
provinces	2117 - Zasagt	Zasagt
provinces	2118 - Urzhar	Urzhar
provinces	2119 - Chuguchak	Chugachak
provinces	212 - Girona	Girona
provinces	212 - Girona	Pere de Portugal
provinces	212 - Girona	Jaume d'Urgell
provinces	2120 - Ili	Ili
provinces	2121 - Kuqa	Kuqa
provinces	2122 - Hami	Hami
provinces	2123 - Qakilik	Qakilik
provinces	2124 - Yarkand	Yarkant
provinces	2125 - Kochkor	Kochkor
provinces	2126 - Chuy	Chuy
provinces	2127 - Yashilkul	Yashilkul
provinces	2128 - Ngari	Ngari
provinces	2129 - Changtang	Balkhuduk
provinces	213 - Barcelona	Rafel Casanova
provinces	213 - Barcelona	Barcelona
provinces	2130 - Nyingchi	Nyingchi
provinces	2131 - Qamdo	Qamdo
provinces	2132 - Markam	Markam
provinces	2133 - Dege	Dege
provinces	2134 - Rebgong	Rebgong
provinces	2135 - Garze	Garze
provinces	2136 - Xuanhua	Xuanhua
provinces	2137 - Daming	Daming
provinces	2138 - Wuding	Wuding
provinces	2139 - Laizhou	Laizhou
provinces	214 - Aragon	Zaragoza
provinces	2140 - Yanzhou	Yanzhou
provinces	2141 - Xuzhou	Xuzhou
provinces	2142 - Huai'an	Huai'an
provinces	2143 - Fengyang	Fengyang
provinces	2144 - Fuyang	Fuyang
provinces	2145 - Zhenjiang	Zhenjiang
provinces	2146 - Ningguo	Ningguo
provinces	2147 - Huizhou	Huizhou
provinces	2148 - Shaoxin	Shaoxin
provinces	2149 - Ningbo	Ningbo
provinces	215 - Castilla La Vieja	Valladolid
provinces	2150 - Jinhua	Jinhua
provinces	2151 - Poyang	Poyang
provinces	2152 - Jianning	Jianning
provinces	2153 -Tingzhou	Tingzhou
provinces	2154 - Kelang	Kelang
provinces	2155 - Middag	Middag
provinces	2156 - Chaochow	Chaochow
provinces	2157 - Waichow	Waichow
provinces	2158 - Shiukwan	Shiukwan
provinces	2159 - Leichow	Leichow
provinces	2160 - Ngaichow	Ngaichow
provinces	2161 - Limchow	Limchow
provinces	2162 - Wuchow	Ngchow
provinces	2163 - Liuzhou	Liuzhou
provinces	2164 - Namnig	Namning
provinces	2165 - Pu'er	Pu'er
provinces	2166 - Dehong	Dehong
provinces	2167 - Lijiang	Lijiang
provinces	2168 - Bozhou	Bozhou
provinces	2169 - Langzhong	Langzhong
provinces	217 - Madrid	Madrid
provinces	2170 - Songqu	Songqu
provinces	2171 - Xiangyang	Xiangyang
provinces	2172 - Jingzhou	Jingzhou
provinces	2173 - Yuanling	Yuanling
provinces	2174 - Hengyang	Hengyang
provinces	2175 - Runing	Runing
provinces	2176 - Shangqiu	Shangqiu
provinces	2177 - Ningwu	Ningwu
provinces	2178 - Lu'an	Lu'an
provinces	2179 - Yan'an	Yan'an
provinces	218 - Badajoz	Badajoz
provinces	2180 - Tianshui	Tianshui
provinces	2181 - Pingliang	Pingliang
provinces	2182 - Liangzhou	Liangzhou
provinces	2183 - Taozhou	Taozhou
provinces	2184 - Xining	Xining
provinces	2185 - Mergen	Mergen
provinces	2186 - Iman	Iman
provinces	2187 - Sartu	Sartu
provinces	2188 - Alchuka	Alchuka
provinces	2189 - Tsetserleg	Tsetserleg
provinces	219 - Toledo	Toledo
provinces	2190 - Qaraqorum	Qaraqorum
provinces	2191 - Ejin	Ejin
provinces	2192 - Korla	Korla
provinces	2193 - Govi	Govi
provinces	2195 - Adyghe	Sochi
provinces	2196 - Guria	Batumi
provinces	2197 - Kabardia	Nalchik
provinces	2198 - Khundzia	Khunzah
provinces	2199 - Tarki	Tarku
provinces	22-Eisdiva	Hamar
provinces	220 - Valencia	València
provinces	2201 - Alania	Dzaudzhikau
provinces	2202 - Melikates	Khankendi
provinces	2203 - Kahketi	Telavi
provinces	2204 - Kars	Kars
provinces	2204 - Kars	Akhaltsikhe
provinces	2205 - Nakhchivan	Nakhchevani
provinces	2206 - Urmia	Hasan Ali
provinces	2206 - Urmia	Urmiyeh
provinces	2206 - Urmia	Hasan Ali's Faction
provinces	2207 - Maragheh	Hasan Ali
provinces	2207 - Maragheh	Marageh
provinces	2207 - Maragheh	Hasan Ali's Faction
provinces	2208 - Terek	Mozdok
provinces	2209 - Ilam	Muhammad Ak Koyunlu
provinces	2209 - Ilam	Muhammad's Faction
provinces	2209 - Ilam	Ilam
provinces	221 - Murcia	Cartagena
provinces	2210 - Kirmanshah	Muhammad Ak Koyunlu
provinces	2210 - Kirmanshah	Muhammad's Faction
provinces	2210 - Kirmanshah	Kirmanshah
provinces	2211 - Ardalan	Sanandaj
provinces	2212 - Zanjan	Muhammad Ak Koyunlu
provinces	2212 - Zanjan	Zanjan
provinces	2212 - Zanjan	Muhammad's Faction
provinces	2213 - Markazi	Muhammad Ak Koyunlu
provinces	2213 - Markazi	Hasan Ali's Faction
provinces	2213 - Markazi	Qom
provinces	2213 - Markazi	Hasan Ali
provinces	2213 - Markazi	Muhammad's Faction
provinces	2214 - Golestan	Asatarabad
provinces	2215 - Qazvin	Muhammad Ak Koyunlu
provinces	2215 - Qazvin	Muhammad's Faction
provinces	2215 - Qazvin	Qazvin
provinces	2216 - Semnan	Semnan
provinces	2217 - Yasuj	Yasuj
provinces	2218 - Shiraz	Muhammad Ak Koyunlu
provinces	2218 - Shiraz	Shiraz
provinces	2218 - Shiraz	Muhammad's Faction
provinces	2219 - Bandar Langeh	Muhammad Ak Koyunlu
provinces	2219 - Bandar Langeh	Bandar Langeh
provinces	2219 - Bandar Langeh	Muhammad's Faction
provinces	222 - Almeria	Almería
provinces	2220 - Bam	Muhammad Ak Koyunlu
provinces	2220 - Bam	Muhammad's Faction
provinces	2220 - Bam	Bam
provinces	2221 - Mashhad	Mashhad
provinces	2222 - Ardakan	Ardakan
provinces	2223 - Larestan	Muhammad Ak Koyunlu
provinces	2223 - Larestan	Lar
provinces	2223 - Larestan	Muhammad's Faction
provinces	2224 - Ferah	Ferah
provinces	2225 - Bamyan	Hakim Timurid's Faction
provinces	2225 - Bamyan	Bamyan
provinces	2226 - Jalalabad	Hakim Timurid's Faction
provinces	2226 - Jalalabad	Jalalabad
provinces	2227 - Kunduz	Hakim Timurid's Faction
provinces	2227 - Kunduz	Kunduz
provinces	2228 - Maymana	Maymana
provinces	2228 - Maymana	Hakim Timurid's Faction
provinces	2229 - Bust	Bust
provinces	223 - Granada	Granada
provinces	2230 - Chakhansur	Chakansur
provinces	2231 - Bela	Bela
provinces	2232 - Kharan	Kharan
provinces	2233 - Western Makran	Muhammad Ak Koyunlu
provinces	2233 - Western Makran	Chabahar
provinces	2233 - Western Makran	Muhammad's Faction
provinces	2234 - Rafsanjan	Muhammad Ak Koyunlu
provinces	2234 - Rafsanjan	Rafsanjan
provinces	2234 - Rafsanjan	Muhammad's Faction
provinces	2235 - Sabzevar	Sabzevar
provinces	2236 - Bojnord	Bojnord
provinces	2237 - Tekrur	Tekrur
provinces	2238 - Kantor	Sutuco
provinces	2239 - Siine	Mbissel
provinces	224 - Andalucia	birthplace_of_the_new_world
provinces	224 - Andalucia	Sevilla
provinces	2240 - Galam	Galam
provinces	2241 - Beafada	Beafada
provinces	2242 - Karou	Karou
provinces	2243 - Termes	Awdaghust
provinces	2244 - Tagant	Kiffa
provinces	2245 - Wagadu	Dia
provinces	2246 - Baghena	Koumbi
provinces	2247 - Hodh	Walata
provinces	2248 - Do	Walata
provinces	2249 - Sibiridugu	Bamako
provinces	225 - Cordoba	Córdoba
provinces	2250 - Bendugu	San
provinces	2252 - Lobi	Lobi
provinces	2253 - Gwiriko	Say
provinces	2254 - Bonoman	Bono Manso
provinces	2255 - Gyaaman	Amanvi
provinces	2256 - Dagbon	Yendi
provinces	2257 - Denkyira	Dunkwa
provinces	2258 - Cape Coast	Fort Coenraadsburg
provinces	2258 - Cape Coast	Sao Jorge da Mina
provinces	2258 - Cape Coast	Axim
provinces	2259 - Bara	Sah
provinces	226 - Gibraltar	Gibraltar
provinces	2260 - Mema	Tendirma
provinces	2261 - Kala	Isaq
provinces	2262 - Karabara	Karabara
provinces	2263 - Haayre	Douentza
provinces	2264 - Hombori	Amanvi
provinces	2265 - Liptako	Dori
provinces	2266 - Bilanga	Bilanga
provinces	2267 - Tenkodogo	Tenkodogo
provinces	2268 - Aribanda	Kukiya
provinces	2269 - Zarmaganda	Ouallam
provinces	227 - Lisboa	Lisboa
provinces	2270 - Dallol	Say
provinces	2271 - Azawagh	Menaka
provinces	2272 - Azbin	In Gall
provinces	2273 - Ader	Tahoua
provinces	2274 - Air	Asodé
provinces	2274 - Air	Agades
provinces	2275 - Tenere	Aghram
provinces	2276 - Itesan	Tahut
provinces	2277 - Kawar	Kawar
provinces	2278 - Kebbi	Kebbi
provinces	2278 - Kebbi	Surame
provinces	2278 - Kebbi	Sorko
provinces	2279 - Daura	Daura
provinces	228 - Beira	Viseu
provinces	2280 - Biram	Biram
provinces	2281 - Rano	Rano
provinces	2282 - Muniyo	Muniyo
provinces	2283 - Bedde	Bedde
provinces	2284 - Manga	Manga
provinces	2285 - Marghi	Marghi
provinces	2286 - Logone	Logone
provinces	2287 - Kotoko	Kotoko
provinces	2288 - Yao	Yao
provinces	2289 - Ondo	Ondo
provinces	229 - Beja	Beja
provinces	2290 - Ijebu	Ijebu
provinces	2291 - Ketu	Ketu
provinces	2292 - Moshi	Bajibo
provinces	2293 - Yawuri	Birnin Yawuri
provinces	2294 - Warri	Warri
provinces	2295 - Atakora	Sansanné Mango
provinces	2296 - Biga	Biga
provinces	2297 - Saruhan	Manisa
provinces	2298 - Tekke	Adalia
provinces	2299 - Bolu	Bolu
provinces	23-Bergenshus	Bergen
provinces	230 - Algarve	Faro
provinces	2300 - Bozok	Yozgat
provinces	2301 - Kayseri	Kayseri
provinces	2302 - Icel	Ermenek
provinces	2303 - Malatya	Malatiya
provinces	2304 - Canik	Samsun
provinces	2305 - Erzincan	Qasim Jahangir Ak Koyunlu
provinces	2305 - Erzincan	Erzindjan
provinces	2305 - Erzincan	Qasim Jahangir's Faction
provinces	2306 - Mush	Mus
provinces	2306 - Mush	Qasim Jahangir Ak Koyunlu
provinces	2306 - Mush	Qasim Jahangir's Faction
provinces	2307 - Van	Qasim Jahangir Ak Koyunlu
provinces	2307 - Van	Qasim Jahangir's Faction
provinces	2307 - Van	Van
provinces	2308 - Urfa	Urfa
provinces	2309 - Sinjar	Sindjar
provinces	2309 - Sinjar	Qasim Jahangir Ak Koyunlu
provinces	2309 - Sinjar	Qasim Jahangir's Faction
provinces	231 - Porto	Porto
provinces	2310 - Tikrit	Tikrit
provinces	2311 - Samawah	Najaf
provinces	2312 - Wasit	Wasit
provinces	2313 - Antioch	Antakya
provinces	2314 - Rahba	Deir ez-Zor
provinces	2315 - Suez	Suweis
provinces	2316 - Al Gharbia	Manuf
provinces	2317 - Minya	Al Minya
provinces	2318 - Bahiriya	el Qasr
provinces	2319 - Manfalut	Manfalut
provinces	232 - Braganca	Bragança
provinces	2320 - Ras Gharib	Ras Gharib
provinces	2321 - Queseer	Al Qusair
provinces	2322 - Wadi Halfa	Wadi Halfa
provinces	2323 - Sahra an Nubyah	Sahra an Nübyah
provinces	2324 - Halaib	Halaib
provinces	2325 - Tarrana	Marsa Matruh
provinces	2326 - Bardiyah	Bardiyah
provinces	2327 - Maan	Maan
provinces	2328 - Al Ula	Al-Ula
provinces	2329 - Yanbu	Yanbu
provinces	233 - Cornwall	Penryn
provinces	233 - Cornwall	Falmouth
provinces	2330 - Ma'din Sulaym	Ma'din Sulaym
provinces	2331 - Jeddah	Jiddah
provinces	2332 - Turubah	Truba
provinces	2333 - Abd al-Qays	Sila
provinces	2335 - Dawasir	Al-Lidam
provinces	2336 - Aflaj	Aflaj
provinces	2337 - Buraydeh	Buraydeh
provinces	2338 - Hafar	Hafar
provinces	2339 - Yabrin	Yabrin
provinces	234 - Hampshire	Oliver Cromwell
provinces	234 - Hampshire	Portsmouth
provinces	234 - Hampshire	Salisbury
provinces	2340 - Grane	Grane
provinces	2341 - Sharqiyah	Masirah
provinces	2342 - Wusta	Hasik
provinces	2343 - Kathiri	Say'un
provinces	2344 - Marib	Marib
provinces	2345 - Beihan	Beihan
provinces	2346 - Jazan	Jazan
provinces	2347 - Hofuf	Hofuf
provinces	2348 - Chios	Chio
provinces	2349 - Kizil-Su	Kizil-Su
provinces	235 - Kent	Canterbury
provinces	2350 - Konjikala	Konjikala
provinces	2351 - Shekty	Shekty
provinces	2352 - Alty-Kuduk	Alty-Kuduk
provinces	2353 - Tortkara	Tortkara
provinces	2354 - Shegendyk	Shegendyk
provinces	2355 - Narym	Narym
provinces	2356 - Shymkent	Shymkent
provinces	2357 - Aksary	Aksary
provinces	2358 - Altyn	Altyn
provinces	2359 - Baganaly	Baganaly
provinces	236 - London	Oliver Cromwell
provinces	236 - London	birthplace_of_enlightenment
provinces	236 - London	London
provinces	2360 - Tobykty	Tobykty
provinces	2361 - Dzhaman-Kuduk	Dzhaman-Kuduk
provinces	2362 - Gurganj	Gurganj
provinces	2363 - Atakent	Atakent
provinces	2364 - Talas	Talas
provinces	2365 - Orda	Orda
provinces	2366 - Utva	Utva
provinces	2367 - Lower Yik	Kalmyk
provinces	2368 - Karamegdan	Karamegdan
provinces	2369 - Lower Ishim	Zhanibek
provinces	237 - Oxfordshire	Oxford
provinces	2370 - Kungirot	Kungirot
provinces	2371 - Song La	Song La
provinces	2372 - Hai Phong	Hai Phong
provinces	2373 - Hue	Hue
provinces	2374 - Kauthara	Kauthara
provinces	2375 - Tay Nguyen	Tay Nguyen
provinces	2376 - Prek Russey	Prek Russey
provinces	2377 - Teuk Khmao	Oc Eo
provinces	2378 - Kratie	Kratie
provinces	2379 - Battambang	Oudong
provinces	2379 - Battambang	Longvek
provinces	2379 - Battambang	Battambang
provinces	238 - Essex	Chelmsford
provinces	238 - Essex	Thomas Fairfax
provinces	2380 - Phnom Penh	Oudong
provinces	2380 - Phnom Penh	Phnom Penh
provinces	2380 - Phnom Penh	Longvek
provinces	2381 - Luang Namtha	Luang Namtha
provinces	2382 - Savanh Nakhone	Luang Namtha
provinces	2383 - Khukhanor Surin	Khukhan
provinces	2384 - Nong Khai	Nong Khai
provinces	2385 - Nongbua Lamphu	Nongbua Lamphu
provinces	2386 - Chaiyaphum	Chaiyaphum
provinces	2387 - Phetchaburi	Phetchaburi
provinces	2388 - Phitsanulok	Phitsanulok
provinces	2389 - Phra Bang	Phra Bang
provinces	239 - Gloucestershire	Bristol
provinces	2390 -  Chaiya	Chaiya
provinces	2391 -  Thalang	Thalang
provinces	2392 - Selangor	Kelang
provinces	2393 - Terengganu	Terengganu
provinces	2394 - Kedah	Kedah
provinces	2395 - Hkamti Long	Hkamti Long
provinces	2396 - Mong Kawng	Mong Kawng
provinces	2397 - Tamanthi	Tamanthi
provinces	2398 - Thaungdut	Thaungdut
provinces	2399 - Pagan	Pagan
provinces	24-Agder	Stavanger
provinces	240 - Shrewsbury	Shrewsbury
provinces	2400 - Hsipaw	Hsipaw
provinces	2401 - Mong Pai	Mong Pai
provinces	2402 - Sandoway	Sandoway
provinces	2403 - Martaban	Martaban
provinces	2404 - Mergui	Mergui
provinces	2405 - Bendery	Bender
provinces	2406 - Ingil	Kyzy-Kermen
provinces	2407 - Pereyaslav	Pereyaslav
provinces	2408 - Lipetsk	Yelets
provinces	2408 - Lipetsk	Lipetsk
provinces	2409 - Bahmut	Stepan Razin
provinces	2409 - Bahmut	Bahmut
provinces	2409 - Bahmut	Yemelyan Pugachev
provinces	241 - Glamorgan	Swansea
provinces	2410 - Theodoro	Mangul
provinces	2411 - Mansur	Ekaterinoslav
provinces	2411 - Mansur	Mansur
provinces	2412 - Kyzyl-Yar	Kyzyl-Yar
provinces	2413 - Tyn	Stepan Razin
provinces	2413 - Tyn	Tyn
provinces	2413 - Tyn	Yemelyan Pugachev
provinces	2414 - Azaraba	Azaraba
provinces	2415 - Etkara	Etkara
provinces	2416 - Majar	Majar
provinces	2417 - Kuma	Kuma
provinces	2418 - Ukek	Pokrovsk
provinces	2418 - Ukek	Ukek
provinces	2418 - Ukek	Stepan Razin
provinces	2418 - Ukek	Yemelyan Pugachev
provinces	2419 - Kanadey	Stepan Razin
provinces	2419 - Kanadey	Kanadey
provinces	2419 - Kanadey	Syzran
provinces	2419 - Kanadey	Yemelyan Pugachev
provinces	242 - Gwynedd	Caernarvon
provinces	242 - Gwynedd	Henry of Lancaster
provinces	2420 - Agyidel	Agyidel
provinces	2420 - Agyidel	Orenburg
provinces	2421 - Juketau	Stepan Razin
provinces	2421 - Juketau	Juketau
provinces	2421 - Juketau	Chistopol
provinces	2421 - Juketau	Yemelyan Pugachev
provinces	2422 - Veda-Suvar	Veda-Suvar
provinces	2422 - Veda-Suvar	Cheboksary
provinces	2423 - Alatyr	Alatyr
provinces	2424 - Peremyshl	Przemysl
provinces	2427 - Ostyaki	Yemelyan Pugachev
provinces	2427 - Ostyaki	Beloyarskiy
provinces	2428 - Yugan	Yugan
provinces	2429 - Agan	Variegansk
provinces	243 - Lincoln	Lincoln
provinces	2430 - Baykha	Troitskiy
provinces	2431 - Uchamin	Uchaminskiy
provinces	2432 - Chulym	Igarka
provinces	2433 - Vah	Vah
provinces	2434 - Barnaul	Barnaul
provinces	2435 - Nukhtui	Olyokminsk
provinces	2436 - Chuna	Chunskaya
provinces	2437 - Seganka	Seganka
provinces	2438 - Kharya	Kharya
provinces	2439 - Yarmanka	Zasjiversk
provinces	244 - Lancashire	Lancaster
provinces	2440 - Kagyrgyn	Kagyrgyn
provinces	2441 - Iglino	Iglino
provinces	2441 - Iglino	Yemelyan Pugachev
provinces	2442 - Ust-Kut	Ust-Kut
provinces	2443 - Kan	Kansk
provinces	2444 - Bashgird	Zlatoust
provinces	2444 - Bashgird	Yemelyan Pugachev
provinces	2444 - Bashgird	Bashgird
provinces	2445 - Mangazea	Mangazea
provinces	2446 - Chara	Chara
provinces	2447 - Mantrega	Matrega
provinces	2447 - Mantrega	Anapa
provinces	2448 - Fezzan	Murzuk
provinces	2449 - Jufra	Hun
provinces	245 - Yorkshire	Edward of York
provinces	245 - Yorkshire	York
provinces	245 - Yorkshire	Richard Neville
provinces	245 - Yorkshire	Leeds
provinces	2450 - Ghadames	Ghadames
provinces	2451 - Thubaqt	Thubaqt
provinces	2452 - Zuwarah	Zuwarah
provinces	2453 - Sfax	Sfax
provinces	2454 - Kairouan	El Kef
provinces	2455 - Bizerte	Bizerte
provinces	2456 - Touggourt	Touggourt
provinces	2457 - Mzab	Ghardaia
provinces	2458 - Kabylia	Msila
provinces	2459 - Titteri	Medea
provinces	246 - Northumberland	Newcastle
provinces	2460 - Saoura	Oulad Mhedi
provinces	2460 - Saoura	Beni Abbes
provinces	2461 - Dahra	Mostaganem
provinces	2462 - Ouarsenis	Ouarsenis
provinces	2463 - Maaskar	Kasdir
provinces	2464 - Ouarzazate	Ouarzazate
provinces	2465 - Oudja	Oujda
provinces	2466 - Draa	Tagmadert
provinces	2467 - Meknes	Meknes
provinces	2468 - Tadla	Tadla
provinces	2469 - Dukkala	Mazzagan
provinces	2469 - Dukkala	Azamor
provinces	247 - Cumbria	Carlisle
provinces	2470 - Haha	Mogador
provinces	2470 - Haha	Tadnast
provinces	2472 - Ouargla	Ouargla
provinces	2473 - Souss	Susa
provinces	2474 - Tajhari	Tajhari
provinces	2475 - Djado	Djado
provinces	2476 - Kumeyaay	Kumeyaay
provinces	2477 - Yuki	Yuki
provinces	2478 - Tachi	Tachi
provinces	2479 - Maidu	Maidu
provinces	248 - Lothian	Edinburgh
provinces	2480 - Shasta	Shasta
provinces	2481 - Klamath	Klamath
provinces	2482 - Kalapuya	Kalapuya
provinces	2483 - Umatilla	Umatilla
provinces	2484 - Quileute	Quileute
provinces	2485 - Chehalis	Chehalis
provinces	2486- Yakima	Spokane
provinces	2487 - Spokane	Spokane
provinces	2488 - Palus	Palus
provinces	2489 - Bohogue	Bohogue
provinces	249 - Ayrshire	Glasgow
provinces	249 - Ayrshire	Ayr
provinces	2490 - Goshute	Goshute
provinces	2491 - Hualapai	Hualapai
provinces	2492 - Chiricahua	Chiricahua
provinces	2493 - Hopi	Hopi
provinces	2494 - Zuni	Zuni
provinces	2495 - Acoma	Acoma
provinces	2496 - Jicarilla	Jicarilla
provinces	2497 - Lipiyanes	Lipiyanes
provinces	2498 - Jumao	Jumano
provinces	2499 - Coahuilteco	Spokane
provinces	25-Gotland	Visby
provinces	25-Gotland	Eric Gryf
provinces	250 - Perth	Perth
provinces	2500 - Querecho	Querecho
provinces	2501 - Piegan	Piegan
provinces	2502 - Haaninin	Haaninin
provinces	2503 - Ashshipite	Ashshipite
provinces	2504 - Eelalapito	Eelalapito
provinces	2505 - Tsitsistas	Outoulibi
provinces	2506 - Kuccuntikka	Kuccuntikka
provinces	2507 - Baachinena	Baachinena
provinces	2508 - Skiri	Skiri
provinces	2509 - Utsehta	Utsehta
provinces	251 - Aberdeen	Aberdeen
provinces	2510 - Mandan	Mandan
provinces	2511 - Itscheabine	Itscheabine
provinces	2512 - Wahpekute	Wahpekute
provinces	2513 - Moingwena	Moingwena
provinces	2514 - Michigamea	Michigamea
provinces	2515 - Satuskhdin	Satsukhdin
provinces	2516 - Adai	Adai
provinces	2517 - Mdewakanton	Mdewakanton
provinces	2518 - Noquet	Noquet
provinces	2519 - Kilatika	Kilatika
provinces	252 - Inverness	Inverness
provinces	2520 - Mengkonkia	Mengkonkia
provinces	2521 - Okouara	Okouara
provinces	2522 - Mascouten	Mascouten
provinces	2523 - Piankeshaw	Piankeshaw
provinces	2524 - Wabash	Wabash
provinces	2525 - Chillicothe	Chillicothe
provinces	2526 - Shatteras	Shatteras
provinces	2527 - Chickamauga	Chickamauga
provinces	2528 - Yazoo	Yazoo
provinces	2529 - Natchez	Natchez
provinces	253 - Western Isles	Stornoway
provinces	2530 - Biloxi	Biloxi
provinces	2531 - Napochi	Napochi
provinces	2532 - Tohome	Tohome
provinces	2533 - Chatot	Chatot
provinces	2533 - Chatot	Tallahassee
provinces	2534 - Yustaga	Yustaga
provinces	2535 - Calusa	Calusa
provinces	2536 - Mayaimi	Mayaimi
provinces	2537 - Hitchiti	Hitchiti
provinces	2538 - Yamasee	Yamasee
provinces	2539 - Mocama	Mocama
provinces	254 - Poznan	Tadeusz Kosciuszko
provinces	254 - Poznan	Poznan
provinces	2540 - Coweta	Coweta
provinces	2541 - Saluda	Saluda
provinces	2542 - Cusabo	Cusabo
provinces	2543 - Waccamaw	Waccamaw
provinces	2544 - Yadkin	Charlotte
provinces	2544 - Yadkin	Yadkin
provinces	2545 - Waxhaw	Waxhaw
provinces	2546 - Chicora	Chicora
provinces	2547 - Roanoke	Nanticoke
provinces	2548 - Tutelo	Tutelo
provinces	2549 - Moratok	Moratok
provinces	255 - Kalisz	Gniezno
provinces	2550 - Doeg	Doeg
provinces	2550 - Doeg	Alexandria
provinces	2551 - Monongahela	Monongahela
provinces	2552 - Manahoac	Manahoac
provinces	2553 - Potomac	Potomac
provinces	2554 - Nanticoke	Nanticoke
provinces	2555 - Honniasont	Honniasont
provinces	2555 - Honniasont	Fort Henry
provinces	2556 - Juniata	Juniata
provinces	2557 - Atrakwaye	Atrakwaye
provinces	2558 - Espachomy	Espachomy
provinces	2558 - Espachomy	Kingston
provinces	2558 - Espachomy	Wiltwijck
provinces	2559 - Adirondack	Adirondack
provinces	256 - Plock	Plock
provinces	2560 - Quinnipiac	New Haven
provinces	2560 - Quinnipiac	Quinnipiac
provinces	2561 - Wampanoag	Wampanoag
provinces	2561 - Wampanoag	Plymouth
provinces	2562 - Pennacook	Pennacook
provinces	2562 - Pennacook	Upper Ashuelot
provinces	2563 - Missiquoi	Missisquoi
provinces	2564 - Sokoki	Sokoki
provinces	2565 - Kennebec	Kennebec
provinces	2566 - Passamaquoddy	Passamaquoddy
provinces	2567 - Aroostook	Aroostook
provinces	2568 - Kespukwitk	Kespukwitk
provinces	2569 - Eskikewakik	Eskikewakik
provinces	257 - Warszawa	Warszawa
provinces	2570 - Wolystoq	Loup
provinces	2570 - Wolystoq	Fredericton
provinces	2571 - Madawaska	Madawaska
provinces	2572 - Siknikt	Siknikt
provinces	2573 - Placentia	grand_bank_fisheries
provinces	2573 - Placentia	Plaisance
provinces	2573 - Placentia	Placentia
provinces	2574 - Sikumiut	Sikumiut
provinces	2575 - Naskapi	Naskapi
provinces	2576 - Mingan	Mingan
provinces	2576 - Mingan	Sept-Îles
provinces	2577 - Manicouagan	Sept-Îles
provinces	2577 - Manicouagan	Manicouagan
provinces	2578 - Anticosti	Anticosti
provinces	2579 - Piekougami	Piekougami
provinces	258 - Lodz	Sieradz
provinces	2580 - Atikamekw	Atikamekw
provinces	2581 - Timiskaming	Timiskaming
provinces	2582 - Maliseet	Maliseet
provinces	2583 - Etchemins	Etchemins
provinces	2584 - Loup	Loup
provinces	2584 - Loup	Fort Chambly
provinces	2585 - Kichesipi	Kichesipi
provinces	2586 - Tionontate	Tionontate
provinces	2587 - Odawa	Odawa
provinces	2588 - Piscatang	Piscatang
provinces	2589 - Kesagami	Kesagami
provinces	259 - Sandomierz	Sandomierz
provinces	2590 - Shaggami	Shaggami
provinces	2591 - Outoulibi	Outoulibi
provinces	2592 - Omushkego	Omushkego
provinces	2593 - Wappus	Wappus
provinces	2594 - Quenebigon	Quenebigon
provinces	2595 - Kesyehotinne	Kesyehotinne
provinces	2596 - Mahmikiwiniyak	Mahmikiwiniyak
provinces	2597 - Sipiwininiwak	Sipiwininiwak
provinces	2598 - Hebina	Hebina
provinces	2599 - Athabasca	Athabasca
provinces	26-Halland	Halmstad
provinces	260 - Lublin	Lublin
provinces	2600 - Nihithawak	Nihithawak
provinces	2601 - Danezaa	Danezaa
provinces	2602 - Siksikawa	Siksikawa
provinces	2603 - Sekani	Sekani
provinces	2604 - Dakelh	Dakelh
provinces	2605 - Secwepemc	Secwepemc
provinces	2606 - Tsilhoqotin	Tsilhqotin
provinces	2607 - Okanagan	Okanagan
provinces	2609 - Nisga'a	Quileute
provinces	261 - Halicz	Halicz
provinces	2610 - Heiltsuk	Heiltsuk
provinces	2611 - Kodiak	Quileute
provinces	2612 - Eyak	Eyak
provinces	2613 - Sitka	Sitka
provinces	2614 - Cotoname	Monterrey
provinces	2614 - Cotoname	San Luis Rey de Francia
provinces	2614 - Cotoname	Cotoname
provinces	2615 - Guamares	Guanajuato
provinces	2615 - Guamares	Guamares
provinces	2616 - Seri	Seri
provinces	2617 - Huichol	Guadalajara
provinces	2617 - Huichol	Huichol
provinces	2618 - Toboso	Santa Barbara
provinces	2618 - Toboso	Toboso
provinces	2619 - Laguneros	Laguneros
provinces	2619 - Laguneros	Saltillo
provinces	262 - Krakow	Kraków
provinces	2620 - Nakipa	Nakipa
provinces	2621 - Tizapan	Tizapan
provinces	2622 - Cuitzeo	Zinapecuaro
provinces	2623 - Cutzamala	Cutzamala
provinces	2624 - Patzcuaro	Tzintzuntzan
provinces	2625 - Hinonoeino	Hinonoeino
provinces	2626 - Tulucan	Tolluca
provinces	2627 - Cihuatlan	Cihuatlan
provinces	2628 - Tepeacac	Tepeacac
provinces	2629 - Coyolapan	Coyolapan
provinces	263 - Ratibor	Ratibor
provinces	2630 - Tochtepec	Tochtepec
provinces	2631 - Zaachila	Zaachila
provinces	2632 - Xicallanco	Xicallanco
provinces	2633 - Mani	Mani
provinces	2634 - Uaymil	Uaymil
provinces	2635 - Chiapas	Chiapas
provinces	2636 - Chacujal	Chacujal
provinces	2637 - Chortli	Puerto de Caballos
provinces	2637 - Chortli	Triunfo de la Cruz
provinces	2637 - Chortli	La Navidad
provinces	2637 - Chortli	Chortli
provinces	2638 - Xoconochco	Xoconochco
provinces	2639 - Raritan	Raritan
provinces	264 - Breslau	Breslau
provinces	2640 - Lenca	Lenca
provinces	2640 - Lenca	Tegucigalpa
provinces	2640 - Lenca	Choluteca
provinces	2641 - Tziccoac	Tziccoac
provinces	2642 - Metztitlan	Metztitlan
provinces	2643 - Apatzingan	Apatzingan
provinces	2644 - Cholula	Cholula
provinces	2645 - Teloloapan	Teloloapan
provinces	2646 - Coixtlahuacan	Coixtlahuacan
provinces	2647 - Cuetlaxtlan	Veracruz
provinces	2647 - Cuetlaxtlan	Cuetlaxtlan
provinces	2648 - Yopitzinco	Yopi
provinces	2649 - Tehuantepec	Tehuantepec
provinces	265 - Brno	Brünn
provinces	2650 - Champutun	Champutun
provinces	2651 - Ah Canul	Ah Canul
provinces	2652 - Ecab	Ecab
provinces	2653 - Iximche	Iximché
provinces	2654 - Baracoa	Baracoa
provinces	2655 - Bayamo	Bayamo
provinces	2656 - Camaguey	Camaguey
provinces	2657 - Colima	Colima
provinces	2658 - Maguana	Maguana
provinces	2658 - Maguana	Azua
provinces	2659 - Magua	Magua
provinces	266 - Prague	Praha
provinces	2660 - Managua	Managua
provinces	2661 - Uluas	Uluas
provinces	2662 - Olancho	Gracias
provinces	2662 - Olancho	Comayagua
provinces	2662 - Olancho	Olancho
provinces	2662 - Olancho	Ocotepoque
provinces	2663 - Nicoya	San Blas de Nicoya
provinces	2663 - Nicoya	Nicoya
provinces	2664 - Veraguas	Los Santos
provinces	2664 - Veraguas	Veraguas
provinces	2664 - Veraguas	Santa Cruz
provinces	2665 - Ais	Ais
provinces	2666 - Tuintsunde	Tuintsundé
provinces	2667 - Cacaxtes	Cacaxtes
provinces	2668 - Borrado	Borrado
provinces	2669 - Hasinai	Hasinai
provinces	267 - Plsen	Plzen
provinces	2670 - Tkaronto	Fort Rouillé
provinces	2670 - Tkaronto	Tkaronto
provinces	2671 - Mississage	Missisage
provinces	2672 - Kitkehaki	Kitkehaki
provinces	2673 - Pasai	Pasai
provinces	2674 - Peureulak	Peureulak
provinces	2675 - Rokan	Rokan
provinces	2676 - Indragiri	Indragiri
provinces	2677 - Jambi	Jambi
provinces	2678 - Bangka	Bangka
provinces	2679 - Belitung	Belitung
provinces	268 - Moldavia	Suceava
provinces	268 - Moldavia	Iasi
provinces	2680 - Muko-Muko	Muko-Muko
provinces	2681 - Pagarruyung	Pagarruyung
provinces	2682 - Pariaman	Pariaman
provinces	2683 - Mentawai	Mentawai
provinces	2684 - Nias	Nias
provinces	2685 - Gayo	Gayo
provinces	2686 - Bintan	Tanjungpinaung
provinces	2687 - Pakuan	Pakuan
provinces	2688 - Cirebon	Cirebon
provinces	2689 - Kendal	Kendal
provinces	269 - Podlasia	Bialystok
provinces	2690 - Pajang	Pajang
provinces	2691 - Kediri	Kediri
provinces	2692 - Madura	Madura
provinces	2693 - Lombok	Lombok
provinces	2694 - East Gangwon	Gangneung
provinces	2695 - East Timor	Timor
provinces	2696 - Yamdena	Yamdena
provinces	2697 - Tondo	Tondo
provinces	2697 - Tondo	AgustÃ­n de Legazpi
provinces	2698 - Pangasinan	Binalatongan
provinces	2699 - Bikol	Bikol
provinces	27-Finland	Åbo
provinces	270 - Troki	catholic
provinces	270 - Troki	Trakai
provinces	2700 - Panay	Panay
provinces	2701 - Tagloc	Tagloc
provinces	2702 - Butuan	Butuan
provinces	2703 - Lehad Datu	Lehad Datu
provinces	2704 - Sibu	Sibu
provinces	2705 - Kuching	Kuching
provinces	2706 - Katapang	Katapang
provinces	2707 - Barito	Barito
provinces	2708 - Sampit	Sampit
provinces	2709 - Tarakan	Tarakan
provinces	271 - Samogitia	Raseiniai
provinces	271 - Samogitia	Varniai
provinces	2710 - Berau	Berau
provinces	2711 - Bulungan	Bulungan
provinces	2712 - Samarinda	Samarinda
provinces	2713 - Gorontalo	Gorontalo
provinces	2714 - Palu	Palu
provinces	2715 - Palopo	Palopo
provinces	2716 - Buton	Buton
provinces	2717 - Sula	Sula
provinces	2718 - Fak-Fak	Fak-Fak
provinces	2719 - Madang	Madang
provinces	272 - Lithuania	Vilna
provinces	2720 - Lae	Lae
provinces	2721 - Kerema	Kerema
provinces	2722 - Daru	Daru
provinces	2723 - Yos Sudarso	Yos Sudarso
provinces	2724 - Asmat	Asmat
provinces	2725 - Aru	Aru
provinces	2726 - Malgana	Malgana
provinces	2727 - Minang	Minang
provinces	2728 - Tiwi	Tiwi
provinces	2729 - Yolngu	Yolngu
provinces	273 - Latgalia	Dünaburg
provinces	2730 - Awngthim	Awngthim
provinces	2731 - Guugu Yimithirr	Guugu Yimithirr
provinces	2732 - Wulgurukaba	Wulgurukaba
provinces	2733 - Baiali	Baiali
provinces	2734 - Yuin	Yuin
provinces	2735 - Gunditjmara	Gunditjmara
provinces	2736 - Nukunu	Nukunu
provinces	2737 - Ahuriri	Ahuriri
provinces	2738 - Waitaha	Waitaha
provinces	2739 - Kirikiriroa	Kirikiriroa
provinces	274 - Pskov	Pskov
provinces	2741 - Jeju	Jeju
provinces	2742 - Yukjin	Yukjin
provinces	2743 - North Hamgyeong	Gyeongseong
provinces	2744 - Nyeongbyeon	Nyeongbyeon
provinces	2745 - Gyengju	Gyeongju
provinces	2746 - Vidin	Vidin
provinces	2747 - Khara Narin Ula	Khara Narin Ula
provinces	2748 - Jianchang	Jianchang
provinces	2749 - Tikhvin	Tikhvin
provinces	275 - Polotsk	Polotsk
provinces	2750 - Plovdiv	Plovdiv
provinces	2751 - Cuenca	Cuenca
provinces	2752 - Sogn	Molde
provinces	2753 - Narbonne	Narbonne
provinces	2754 - La Mancha	Ciudad Real
provinces	2755 - Soria	Soria
provinces	2756 - Welayta	Bonga
provinces	2757 - Kaffa	Anderaccha
provinces	2758 - Illubabor	Illubabor
provinces	2759 - Gambela	Gambela
provinces	276 - Minsk	Minsk
provinces	2760 - Hadiya	Angacha
provinces	2761 - Arsi	Assela
provinces	2762 - Damot	Nekemte
provinces	2763 - Asosa	Assosa
provinces	2764 - Aussa	Aussa
provinces	2765 - Assab	Assab
provinces	2766 - Mendefera	Mendefera
provinces	2767 - Enderta	Antalo
provinces	2768 - Angot	Manadeley
provinces	2769 - Lasta	Gonder
provinces	2769 - Lasta	Lalibela
provinces	277 - Brest	Brest-Litovsk
provinces	2770 - Agew	Dangila
provinces	2771 - Semien	Gideon Gideonid
provinces	2771 - Semien	Dabareq
provinces	2772 - Dembiya	Gorgora
provinces	2772 - Dembiya	Gonder
provinces	2773 - Mora	Ali Sabieh
provinces	2773 - Mora	Harer
provinces	2774 - Kismayo	Kismayo
provinces	2775 - Merca	Merca
provinces	2776 - Afgooye	Afgooye
provinces	2777 - Bardera	Baardheere
provinces	2778 - Werder	Wardheer
provinces	2779 - Afder	Afder
provinces	278 - Pinsk	Pinsk
provinces	2780 - Beledweyne	Qardho
provinces	2781 - Gedo	Luuq
provinces	2782 - Warsheikh	Warsheikh
provinces	2783 - Hobyo	Hobyo
provinces	2784 - Galkayo	Galkayo
provinces	2785 - El Buur	El Buur
provinces	2786 - Bosaso	Bosaso
provinces	2787 - Hamasien	Debarwa
provinces	2788 - Hafun	Hafun
provinces	2789 - Las Khorey	Las Khorey
provinces	279 - Volhynia	Volodymyr
provinces	279 - Volhynia	Bohdan Khmelnytsky
provinces	2790 - Sanaag	Maydh
provinces	2791 - Ankober	Badeqe
provinces	2791 - Ankober	Ankober
provinces	2791 - Ankober	Munesa
provinces	2792 - Togdheer	Togdheer
provinces	2793 - Hargeisa	Hargeisa
provinces	2794 - Barawa	Barawa
provinces	2795 - Meregh	Mareeg
provinces	2796 - Pate	Siyu
provinces	2797 - Shendy	Shendy
provinces	2798 - Soba	Soba
provinces	2799 - Sennar	Sennar
provinces	28 - Nyland	Borgå
provinces	280 - Kiev	Kiev
provinces	2800 - Kosti	Kosti
provinces	2801 - Medwa	Medowa
provinces	2802 - Kobbe.txt	Kobbe
provinces	2803 - Delta	Santo Thomas
provinces	2804 - Guasipati	Guasipati
provinces	2805 - Uyapari	Uyapari
provinces	2806 - Guajira	Guajira
provinces	2807 - Altagracia	Altagracia
provinces	2808 - Coro	Coro
provinces	2809 - Llanos	Calaboso
provinces	281 - Kamienec	Kamienec
provinces	2810 - Apure	Apure
provinces	2811 - Atabapo	Atabapo
provinces	2812 - Pore	Pore
provinces	2813 - Merida	Merida
provinces	2814 - Meta	Meta
provinces	2815 - Puerto Carreno	Puerto Carreno
provinces	2816 - Guavire	Guaviare
provinces	2817 - Neiva	Neiva
provinces	2818 - Popayan	Popayan
provinces	2819 - Darien	Darien
provinces	282 - Yedisan	Ochakov
provinces	282 - Yedisan	Hajibey
provinces	2820 - Esmeraldas	Esmeraldas
provinces	2821 - Piwra	Trujillo
provinces	2821 - Piwra	Piwra
provinces	2822 - Tucume	Tucume
provinces	2823 - Moyobamba	Moyobamba
provinces	2824 - Wankapampa	Wankapampa
provinces	2825 - Pisqupampa	Pisqupampa
provinces	2826 - Chimbote	Trujillo
provinces	2826 - Chimbote	Chimbote
provinces	2827 - Huaraz	Huaraz
provinces	2828 - Camana	Camana
provinces	2829 - Ayaviri	Ayaviri
provinces	283 - Zaporozhia	Sich
provinces	2830 - Quero	Quero
provinces	2831 - Tiahuanaco	Tiahuanoco
provinces	2832 - Exaltacion	Exaltacion
provinces	2833 - Madre de Dios	Madre de Dios
provinces	2834 - Santa Cruz de la Sierra	Santa Cruz de la Sierra
provinces	2835 - Sucre	Sucre
provinces	2836 - Tucuman	Tucuman
provinces	2837 - Santa Catalina	Santa Catalina
provinces	2838 - Tarija	Tarija
provinces	2839 - Puna de Atacama	San Pedro de Atacama
provinces	2839 - Puna de Atacama	Catarpe
provinces	284 - Crimea	Salaciq
provinces	284 - Crimea	Qirq-Yer
provinces	284 - Crimea	Bakhchisaray
provinces	2840 - Calama	Calama
provinces	2841 - Antofagasta	Antofagasta
provinces	2842 - Santiago del Estero	Santiago del Estero
provinces	2843 - La Rioja	La Rioja
provinces	2844 - Chepes	Chepes
provinces	2845 - San Juan	San Juan
provinces	2846 - Quisquisacate	Cordoba
provinces	2847 - San Luis	San Luis
provinces	2848 - Santa Fe	Santa Fe
provinces	2849 - Rosario	Rosario
provinces	285 - Kaffa	Kaffa
provinces	285 - Kaffa	Feodosiya
provinces	285 - Kaffa	Kefe
provinces	2850 - Montevideo	Montevideo
provinces	2851 - Colonia	Colonia
provinces	2852 - Salto	Salto
provinces	2852 - Salto	Paysandú
provinces	2853 - Yareyu	Yareyu
provinces	2854 - Chaco Central	Chaco Central
provinces	2855 - Misiones	Candelaria
provinces	2856 - Highveld	Highveld
provinces	2857 - Rio Grande do Sul	Rio Grande
provinces	2858 - Santiago	Santiago
provinces	2859 - Itapua	Itapúa
provinces	286 - Azow	Azov
provinces	286 - Azow	Azaq
provinces	286 - Azow	Tana
provinces	2860 - Querandi	Querandi
provinces	2860 - Querandi	Lobos
provinces	2861 - Sauce	Sauce
provinces	2862 - Coquimbo	Coquimbo
provinces	2863 - Rio Negro	Rio Negro
provinces	2864 - Senqu	Senqu
provinces	2865 - Sergpipe	Puelches
provinces	2866 - Jeremoabo	Olavarria
provinces	2867 - Inhambupe	Chanar
provinces	2868 - Pambu	Bahia
provinces	2869 - Florida Blanca	Florida Blanca
provinces	287 - Kouban	Stavropol
provinces	2870 - Tehuelmapu	Tehuelmapu
provinces	2871 - Poya	Poya
provinces	2872 - Chiquiyami	Chiquiyami
provinces	2873 - Chiloe	Chiloe
provinces	2874 - Alegoas	Alacaluf
provinces	2875 - Borborema	Chubut
provinces	2876 - Teush	Teush
provinces	2877 - Mendoza	Mendoza
provinces	2878 - Matara	Matara
provinces	2879 - Santa Tecla	Santa Tecla
provinces	288 - Cherkassk	Stepan Razin
provinces	288 - Cherkassk	Cherkassk
provinces	288 - Cherkassk	Yemelyan Pugachev
provinces	2880 - Griqualand	Griqualand
provinces	2881 - Corumba	Corumba
provinces	2882 - Fuerte Borbon	Fuerte Borbon
provinces	2883 - Melodia	Melodia
provinces	2884 - Povos das Missoes	Sao Borja
provinces	2885 - Barra	Barra
provinces	2886 - Parnaiba	Parnaiba
provinces	2887 - Santa Catarina	Santa Catarina
provinces	2888 - Cuiaba	Cuiaba
provinces	2889 - Rio Branco	Rio Branco
provinces	289 - Chernigov	Chernigov
provinces	2890 - Marajo	Breves
provinces	2890 - Marajo	Marajo
provinces	2890 - Marajo	Vigia
provinces	2891 - Santa Ana das Minas	Santo Antonio da Manga
provinces	2892 - Araxas	Araxas
provinces	2893 - Ofaie	Tres Lagoas
provinces	2894 - Sao Joao del Rei	Sao Joao del Rei
provinces	2895 - Castro	Castro
provinces	2896 - Campinas	Campinas
provinces	2897 - Araraquara	Araquara
provinces	2898 - Serro	Serro
provinces	2899 - Vila Rica	Vila Rica
provinces	29 -Tavastland	Tavastehus
provinces	290 - Poltava	Poltava
provinces	2900 - Guapore	Guapore
provinces	2901 - Cerejeiras	Cerejeiras
provinces	2902 - Vila Bela	Vila Bela
provinces	2903 - Caceres	Caceres
provinces	2904 - Diamantino	Diamantino
provinces	2905 - Rio Das Mortes	Araes
provinces	2906 - Ipora	Ipora
provinces	2907 - Vila Boa	Vila Boa
provinces	2908 - Arrial dos Couros	Arrial dos Couros
provinces	2909 - Conceicao	Conceicao
provinces	291 - Kharkov	Belgorod
provinces	291 - Kharkov	Kharkov
provinces	2910 - Pontal	Pontal
provinces	2911 - Natividad	Natividad
provinces	2912 - Sergpipe	São Cristóvão
provinces	2912 - Sergpipe	Sergipe
provinces	2913 - Jeremoabo	Jeremoabo
provinces	2914 - Inhambupe	Inhambupe
provinces	2915 - Pambu	Pambu
provinces	2916 - Rio Contas	Rio de Contas
provinces	2916 - Rio Contas	Coité
provinces	2917 - Paratinga	Santo Antônio do Urubu de Cima
provinces	2917 - Paratinga	Paratinga
provinces	2918 - Campo Largo	Campo Largo
provinces	2919 - Luziana	Luziana
provinces	292 - Mogilyov	Mogilyov
provinces	2920 - Coxim	Coxim
provinces	2921 - Alagoas	Penedo
provinces	2922 - Borborema	Cimbres
provinces	2923 - Pastos Bons	Pastos Bons
provinces	2924 - Timon	Timon
provinces	2925 - Parnagua	Parnagua
provinces	2926 - Grajau	Grajau
provinces	2927 - Alcantara	Alcantara
provinces	2928 - Tucurui	Tucurui
provinces	2929 - Para	Cameta
provinces	2929 - Para	Portel
provinces	293 - Smolensk	Smolensk
provinces	2930 - Santarem	Santarem
provinces	2931 - Alenquer	Pirara
provinces	2932 - Obidos	Ouara
provinces	2933 - Faro	Barcelos
provinces	2934 - Manaus	Manaus
provinces	2935 - Muturu	Muturu
provinces	2937 - Suriname	Paramaribo
provinces	2937 - Suriname	Suriname
provinces	2938 - Oiapoque	Oiapoque
provinces	2939 - Zaraza	San Miguel de la Nueva Tarragona del Batey
provinces	2939 - Zaraza	Zaraza
provinces	294 - Tver	Tver
provinces	2940 - Chichas	Chichas
provinces	2941 - Choquechaca	Choquechaca
provinces	2942 - Charcas	Charcas
provinces	2943 - Chachapoyas	Kuelap
provinces	2944 - Ucayali	Ucayali
provinces	2945 - Yurimaguas	Yurimaguas
provinces	2946 - Quillacas	Quillacas
provinces	2947 - Macaya	Macaya
provinces	2948 - Matamba	Matamba
provinces	2949 - Mbata	Mbata
provinces	295 - Moskva	Moskva
provinces	2950 - Buhera	Buhera
provinces	2951 - Manikya	Masakesa
provinces	2952 - Madanda	Madanda
provinces	2954 - Djerba	Djerba
provinces	2955 - Ingolstadt	Ingolstadt
provinces	2956 - Straubing	Straubing
provinces	2957 - Regensburg	Regensburg
provinces	2958 - Osterode	Osterode
provinces	2959 - Tarnow	Tarnów
provinces	296 - Kaluga	Kaluga
provinces	2960 - Sadecki	Nowy Sacz
provinces	2961 - Lwow	Lwów
provinces	2962 - Rowne	Bohdan Khmelnytsky
provinces	2962 - Rowne	Rowne
provinces	2963 - Notec	Bydgoszcz
provinces	2964 - Altmark	Stendal
provinces	2965 - Vogtland	Plauen
provinces	2966 - Glogau	Glogau
provinces	2967 - Eger	Eger
provinces	2968 - Budejovice	Budejovice
provinces	2969 - Sternberg	Sternberg
provinces	297 - Bryansk	Bryansk
provinces	2970 - Hradecko	Hradec Králové
provinces	2971 - Hoya	Hoya
provinces	2972 - Paderborn	Paderborn
provinces	2973 - Meppen	Meppen
provinces	2974 - Loon	Loon
provinces	2975 - Kleves	Kleves
provinces	2976 - Umbria	Perugia
provinces	2977 - Urbino	Urbino
provinces	2978 - Arezzo	Arezzo
provinces	2979 - Novarra	Novara
provinces	298 - Kursk	Kursk
provinces	2980 - Lucca	Lucca
provinces	2982 - Syracuse	Syracusa
provinces	2983 - Salerno	Salerno
provinces	2984 - Costenza	Cosenza
provinces	2985 - Capitanata	Foggia
provinces	2986 - Cagliari	Cagliari
provinces	2987 - Urgell	Pere de Portugal
provinces	2987 - Urgell	Tàrrega
provinces	2987 - Urgell	Jaume d'Urgell
provinces	2988 - Tarragona	Rafel Casanova
provinces	2988 - Tarragona	Taragona
provinces	2989 - Rioja	Logroño
provinces	299 - Voronezh	Voronezh
provinces	2990 - Teruel	Teruel
provinces	2991 - Draguignan	Forcalquier
provinces	2992 - Albenga	Albenga
provinces	2993 - Uckermark	Prenzlau
provinces	2994 - Greifswald	Greifswald
provinces	2995 - Stolp	Stolp
provinces	2996 - Wismar	Wismar
provinces	2997 - Pomorskie	Tuchel
provinces	2998 - Buzau	Buzau
provinces	2998 - Buzau	Bucuresti
provinces	2999 - Hormuz	Hormuz
provinces	3 - Kalmar	Kalmar
provinces	30-Viborg	Viborg
provinces	300 - Tula	Tula
provinces	3000 - Nis	Nis
provinces	3001 - Skopje	Skopje
provinces	3002 - Sarajevo	Sarajevo
provinces	3002 - Sarajevo	Visoki
provinces	3003 - Euboea	Negroponte
provinces	3003 - Euboea	Egriboz
provinces	301 - Ryazan	Pereyaslavl-Ryazansky
provinces	301 - Ryazan	Ryazan
provinces	302 - Tambow	Tambov
provinces	303 - Saratow	Stepan Razin
provinces	303 - Saratow	Ukek
provinces	303 - Saratow	Saratov
provinces	303 - Saratow	Yemelyan Pugachev
provinces	304 - Pensa	Mohshi
provinces	304 - Pensa	Yemelyan Pugachev
provinces	304 - Pensa	Stepan Razin
provinces	304 - Pensa	Saransk
provinces	305 - Perm	Yagoshiha
provinces	305 - Perm	Perm
provinces	306 - Nijni-Novgorod	Nizhny Novgorod
provinces	307 - Vladimir	Vladimir
provinces	308 - Yaroslavl	Stenka Razin
provinces	308 - Yaroslavl	Yaroslavl
provinces	309 - Olonets	Olonets
provinces	309 - Olonets	Petrozavodsk
provinces	31-Savolaks	Nyslott
provinces	31-Savolaks	Olofsborg
provinces	310 - Novgorod	Novgorod
provinces	311 - Kholm	Kholm
provinces	312 - Beloozero	Belozersk
provinces	312 - Beloozero	Beloozero
provinces	313 - Soroka	Soroka
provinces	314 - Vologda	Vologda
provinces	315 - Finnmark	Vardø
provinces	316 - Kocaeli	Isa's Faction
provinces	316 - Kocaeli	Isa Osmanoglu
provinces	316 - Kocaeli	Izmit
provinces	317 - Hudavendigar	Bursa
provinces	317 - Hudavendigar	Jem Osmanoglu
provinces	318 - Sugla	Izmirni
provinces	319 - Mentese	Mughla
provinces	32-Keksholm	Korela
provinces	32-Keksholm	Kexholm
provinces	320 - Rhodes	Rhodes
provinces	321 - Cyprus	Nicosia
provinces	322 - Kutahya	Kütahya
provinces	322 - Kutahya	Jem Osmanoglu
provinces	323 - Konya	Konya
provinces	324 - Karaman	Karaman
provinces	325 - Kastamonu	Kastamonu
provinces	326 - Ankara	Ankara
provinces	327 - Adana	Adana
provinces	328 - Sinop	Sinop
provinces	329 - Sivas	Sivas
provinces	33-Neva	Oreshek
provinces	33-Neva	St.Petersburg
provinces	33-Neva	Nöteborg
provinces	330 - Trebizond	Trapezous
provinces	331 - Erzurum	Qasim Jahangir Ak Koyunlu
provinces	331 - Erzurum	Erzurum
provinces	331 - Erzurum	Qasim Jahangir's Faction
provinces	332 - Marash	Maras
provinces	333 - The Baleares	Palma
provinces	334 - Tangiers	Tangier
provinces	335 - Mellila	Melilla
provinces	336 - Tlemcen	Tlemcen
provinces	337 - Oran	Oran
provinces	338 - Al-Djazair	Al-Djazair
provinces	339 - Bejaia	Bejaia
provinces	339 - Bejaia	Kalâa
provinces	339 - Bejaia	Medjana
provinces	34-Ingermanland	Koporye
provinces	340 - Constantine	Constantine
provinces	341 - Tunis	Tunis
provinces	342 - Toubkhal	Rabat
provinces	342 - Toubkhal	Sidi al-Ayachi
provinces	343 - Fez	Fez
provinces	344 - Marrakech	Marrakech
provinces	345 - Safi	Safi
provinces	346 - Figuig	Tafilalt
provinces	346 - Figuig	Ahmed ibn Abi Mahalli
provinces	347 - Ifni	Sidi Ifni
provinces	348 - Sus	Taroudant
provinces	348 - Sus	Illigh
provinces	349 - Atlas	Figuig
provinces	35 - Osel	Arensburg
provinces	350 - Aures	Laghwat
provinces	351 - Biskra	Biskra
provinces	352 - Gafsa	Gafsa
provinces	353 - Gabes	Tataouine
provinces	354 - Tripolitania	Tripoli
provinces	355 - Sirt	Ben Jawad
provinces	356 - Benghazi	Benghazi
provinces	357 - Darnah	Derna
provinces	358 - Alexandria	Al Iskandirya
provinces	359 - Faiyum	Al Fayyum
provinces	36 - Estland	Reval
provinces	360 - Qena	Qus
provinces	361 - Cairo	Al Qahira
provinces	362 - Rosetta	Rashid
provinces	363 - Damietta	Dumyat
provinces	364 - Gaza	Gazzah
provinces	365 - Sinai	At Tur
provinces	366 - The Canarias	Las Palmas
provinces	366 - The Canarias	The Canarias
provinces	367 - The Azores	The Azores
provinces	368 - Madeira	Funchal
provinces	368 - Madeira	Madeira
provinces	369 - Orkney	Kirkwall
provinces	37 - Livland	Fellin
provinces	370 - Reykjavik	Reykjavik
provinces	371 - Akureyri	Akureyri
provinces	372 - Tyrone	Dungannon
provinces	372 - Tyrone	Omagh
provinces	373 - Meath	Emmet's Rebellion
provinces	373 - Meath	Dublin
provinces	374 - Leinster	Wexford
provinces	375 - Munster	Limerick
provinces	376 - Connaught	Galway
provinces	377 - Aleppo	Halab
provinces	378 - Tripoli	Trablos
provinces	379 - Jerusalem	Al Quds
provinces	38 - Riga	Riga
provinces	380 - Al Karak	Al Karak
provinces	381 - Ajlun	Ajlun
provinces	382 - Damascus	Dimashq
provinces	383 - Tabuk	Tabuk
provinces	384 - Medina	Medina
provinces	385 - Mecca	Makkah
provinces	386 - Asir	Bishah
provinces	387 - Mokha	Al Mukha
provinces	388 - Aden	Aden
provinces	389 - Mukalla	Al Mukalla
provinces	39 - Kurland	Goldingen
provinces	390 - Sanaa	Sana'a
provinces	391 - Najran	Najran
provinces	392 - Al-Arid	Diriyah
provinces	393 - Jabal Shammar	Ha'il
provinces	394 - El Catif	Al-Qatif
provinces	395 - Qatar	Qatar
provinces	396 - Bahrain	Manama
provinces	397 - Abu Dhabi	Abu Dhabi
provinces	398 - Qawasim	Sharjah
provinces	399 - Suhar	Suhar
provinces	4-Bergslagen	Västerås
provinces	4-Bergslagen	Engelbrekt
provinces	40 - Memel	Memel
provinces	400 - Muscat	Masqat
provinces	401 - Dhofar	Salalah
provinces	402 - Mahra	Qishn
provinces	4020 - Comoros	Ndzuwani
provinces	4021 - Antankara	Ambilobe
provinces	4022 - Iboina	Majunga
provinces	4023 - Tsimihety	Tsimihety
provinces	4024 - Maroantsetra	Maroantsetra
provinces	4025 - Vatomandry	Vatomandry
provinces	4026 - Antemoro	Vohipeno
provinces	4026 - Antemoro	Matitana
provinces	4027 - Betsileo	Betsileo
provinces	4028 - Mahafaly	Mahafaly
provinces	4029 - Antanosy	Antanosy
provinces	403 - Nizwa	Nizwa
provinces	4030 - Bara	Bara
provinces	4031 - Antsalova	Antsalova
provinces	4032 - Fiherana	Fiherana
provinces	4033 - Al Qadirif	Al-Qadarif
provinces	4034 - Makua	Makua
provinces	4035 - Ngindo	Ngindo
provinces	4036 - Wayao	Wayao
provinces	4037 - Katsekera	Katsekera
provinces	4038 - Lolo	Lolo
provinces	4039 - Lundu	Mbebwe
provinces	404 - Liwa	Liwa
provinces	4040 - Kalonga	Manthimba
provinces	4041 - Kinga	Kinga
provinces	4042 - Makonde	Makonde
provinces	4043 - Phangwa	Phangwa
provinces	4044 - Ngonde	Chilumba
provinces	4045 - Tumbuka	Kasungu
provinces	4046 - Lala	Lala
provinces	4047 - Nsenga	Nsenga
provinces	4048 - Lomwe	Lomwe
provinces	4049 - Ibo	Ibo
provinces	405 - Tadmor	Tadmuriyah
provinces	4050 - Luangwa	Luangwa
provinces	4051 - Ewaso Ngiro	Ewaso Ngiro
provinces	4052 - Dawa	Dawa
provinces	4053 - Turkana	Turkana
provinces	4054 - Kuria	Kuria
provinces	4055 - Shamba	Shambaa
provinces	4056 - Gogo	Gogo
provinces	4057 - Nyatura	Nyatura
provinces	4058 - Zigua	Zigua
provinces	4059 - Shaga	Shaga
provinces	406 - As Sahiliyah	Sahiliyah
provinces	4060 - Kikuyu	Kikuyu
provinces	4061 - Buzinza	Buzinza
provinces	4062 - Basoga	Bukaleeba
provinces	4063 - Karagwe	Karagwe
provinces	4064 - Buganda	Kitala
provinces	4065 - Bunyoro	Mugenyi
provinces	4066 - Ndorwe	Nkore
provinces	4067 - Nduga	Nduga
provinces	4068 - Buzozo	Bafuriru
provinces	4069 - Bushubi	Bushubi
provinces	407 - Ar Raqqa	Ar Rakkah
provinces	4070 - Nkoma	Nkoma
provinces	4071 - Buyogoma	Buyogoma
provinces	4072 - Ruguru	Ruguru
provinces	4073 - Hehe	Hehe
provinces	4074 - Pubungo	Pubungo
provinces	4075 - Lango	Lango
provinces	4076 - Muhambwe	Muhambwe
provinces	4077 - Rukwa	Rukwa
provinces	4078 - Mayumba	Mayumba
provinces	4079 - Ngoyo	Ngoyo
provinces	408 - Basra	Basra
provinces	4080 - Soyo	Soyo
provinces	4081 - Tyo	Okango
provinces	4082 - Kasanje	Kasanje
provinces	4083 - Shinje	Shinje
provinces	4084 - Malem	Malem
provinces	4085 - Yaka	Yaka
provinces	4086 - Nunu	Nunu
provinces	4087 - Kumbana	Mwata Kumbana
provinces	4088 - Munene	Mai Munene
provinces	4089 - Kuba	Kuba
provinces	409 - Hillah	Muhammad Ak Koyunlu
provinces	409 - Hillah	Karbala
provinces	409 - Hillah	Muhammad's Faction
provinces	4090 - Songye	Songye
provinces	4091 - Mpasu	Mpasu
provinces	4092 - Rund	Musumba
provinces	4093 - Lwena	Lwena
provinces	4094 - Chokwe	Chokwe
provinces	4095 - Ishindi	Ishindi
provinces	4096 - Kalundwe	Kalundwe
provinces	4097 - Luba	Luba
provinces	4098 - Upemba	Kikondja
provinces	4099 - Hemba	Hemba
provinces	41 - Konigsberg	Königsberg
provinces	410 - Baghdad	Baghdad
provinces	410 - Baghdad	Muhammad Ak Koyunlu
provinces	410 - Baghdad	Muhammad's Faction
provinces	4100 - Luapala	Kazembe Luapula
provinces	4101 - Lualaba	Kazembe Lualaba
provinces	4102 - Bemba	Bemba
provinces	4103 - Tabwa	Tabwa
provinces	4104 - Lamba	Lamba
provinces	4105 - Kusu	Kusu
provinces	4106 - Lenje	Lenje
provinces	4107 - Kanongesha	Kanongesha
provinces	4108 - Kaonde	Kaonde
provinces	4109 - Lega	Lega
provinces	411 - Mosul	Qasim Jahangir Ak Koyunlu
provinces	411 - Mosul	Al Mawsil
provinces	411 - Mosul	Qasim Jahangir's Faction
provinces	4110 - Sutherland	Dornoch
provinces	4111 - Saintonge	Saintes
provinces	4112 - Cahors	Cahors
provinces	4113 - Rovaniemi	Uleåborg
provinces	4113 - Rovaniemi	Rovaniemi
provinces	4114 - Northern Lappmarks	Jokkmokk
provinces	4114 - Northern Lappmarks	Kiruna
provinces	4115 - Mazyr	Mazyr
provinces	4116 - Upper Oka	Odayev
provinces	4117 - Bezhetsk	Bezhetsk
provinces	4118 - Desmond	Cork
provinces	4119 - Sligo	Sligo
provinces	412 - Khuzestan	Ahvaz
provinces	4120 - Kildare	Naas
provinces	4121 - Ulster	Carrickfergus
provinces	4122 - Shenkursk	Shenkursk
provinces	4123 - Birkaland	Messukylä
provinces	4123 - Birkaland	Tampere
provinces	4123 - Birkaland	Tammerfors
provinces	4124 - Kovero	Lieksa
provinces	4125 - Szolnok	Szolnok
provinces	4126 - Bacs	Bács
provinces	4127 - Turda	Turda
provinces	4128 - Kiralyfold	Sibiu
provinces	4129 - UstVym	Ust-Vym
provinces	413 - Lorestan	Khorramabad
provinces	4130 - Somerset	Bath
provinces	4131 - Mutsu	Sannohe
provinces	4131 - Mutsu	Morioka
provinces	414 - Hamadan	Hamedan
provinces	414 - Hamadan	Hasan Ali
provinces	414 - Hamadan	Hasan Ali's Faction
provinces	4141 - Ditmarschen	Heide
provinces	4142 - Aarhus	Aarhus
provinces	4143 - Smalenene	Moss
provinces	4143 - Smalenene	Fredrikstad
provinces	4144 - Bratsberg	Skien
provinces	4145 - Agdesiden	Arendal
provinces	4145 - Agdesiden	Mandal
provinces	4145 - Agdesiden	Kristiansand
provinces	4147 - Rostov	Rostov
provinces	4148 - Luki	Velikiye Luki
provinces	4149 - Kolding	Kolding
provinces	415 - Shahrizor	Kirkuk
provinces	4150 - Evora	Évora
provinces	4151 - Inari	Sodankylä
provinces	4152 - Kajaani	Maanselkä
provinces	4152 - Kajaani	Kaajani
provinces	4158 - Janjero	Fofa
provinces	416 - Tabriz	Hasan Ali
provinces	416 - Tabriz	Tabriz
provinces	416 - Tabriz	Hasan Ali's Faction
provinces	4163 - Elfsborg	Göteborg
provinces	4163 - Elfsborg	Elfsborg
provinces	4164 - Dal	Dalaborg
provinces	4165 - Goinge	Gladsax
provinces	4166 - Tioharad	Växjö
provinces	417 - Lahijan	Lahijan
provinces	4171 - Abarquh	Muhammad Ak Koyunlu
provinces	4171 - Abarquh	Abarquh
provinces	4171 - Abarquh	Muhammad's Faction
provinces	4173 - Syrmia	Kupinik
provinces	4173 - Syrmia	Mitrovica
provinces	4174 - Durres	Tirana
provinces	4174 - Durres	Durrës
provinces	4175 - Lezhe	Lezhë
provinces	4176 - Branicevo	Kruevac
provinces	4176 - Branicevo	Golubac
provinces	418 - Diyarbakir	Diyar Bekir
provinces	418 - Diyarbakir	Qasim Jahangir's Faction
provinces	418 - Diyarbakir	Qasim Jahangir Ak Koyunlu
provinces	4180 - Hyuga	Obi
provinces	4181 - Higo	Kumamoto
provinces	4182 - Hizen	Nagasaki
provinces	4183 - Iwami	Hamada
provinces	4184 - Bizen	Okayama
provinces	4185 - Tango	Miyazu
provinces	4186 - Iyo	Yuzuki
provinces	4187 - Kii	Wakayama
provinces	4188 - Shinano	Nagano
provinces	4189 - Sagami	Odawara
provinces	4189 - Sagami	Kamakura
provinces	419 - Yerevan	Yerevan
provinces	4190 - Shimousa	Sakura
provinces	4191 - Shimotsuke	Utsunomiya
provinces	4192 - Ugo	Akita
provinces	4193 - Oshima	Katsuyama
provinces	4193 - Oshima	Matsumae
provinces	4194 - Yongping	Yongping
provinces	4195 - Zhending	Zhending
provinces	4196 - Haizhou	Haizhou
provinces	4197 - Huangzhou	Huangzhou
provinces	4198 - Fengxiang	Fengxiang
provinces	4199 - Tongren	Tongren
provinces	42 - Warmia	Allenstein
provinces	420 - Ganja	Hasan Ali
provinces	420 - Ganja	Ganja
provinces	420 - Ganja	Hasan Ali's Faction
provinces	4200 - Hulan	Hulan
provinces	4201 - Jianzhou	Jianzhou
provinces	4202 - Taining	Baichungtze
provinces	4203 - Ju Ud	Ulanhad
provinces	4204 - Anding	Anding
provinces	4205 - Nagchu	Nagchu
provinces	4206 - Balikul	Balikul
provinces	4207 - Turpan	Balikul
provinces	4208 - Qurqara-usu	Balikul
provinces	4209 - Maralbexi	Maralbexi
provinces	421 - Shirvan	Qizilbash Tribesmen
provinces	421 - Shirvan	Ismail Safavid
provinces	421 - Shirvan	Baku
provinces	4210 - Yangi Hissar	Yangi Hissar
provinces	4211 - Dazhou	Dazhou
provinces	4212 - Jiazhou	Jiazhou
provinces	4213 - Luzhou	Luzhou
provinces	4214 - Kalar	Kalar
provinces	4215 - Fudali	Fudali
provinces	4216 - Ulch	Ulch
provinces	4217 - Pijin	Pijin
provinces	4218 - Buteha	Buteha
provinces	4219 - Bayan Tumen 	Bayan Tu'men
provinces	422 - Imereti	Kutaisi
provinces	4220 - Khiagt	Khiagt
provinces	4221 - Dundgovi	Dornogovi
provinces	4221 - Dundgovi	Urga
provinces	4221 - Dundgovi	Khuree
provinces	4222 - Ulaangom	Ulaangom
provinces	4223 - Hetao	Otog
provinces	4227 - Daegu	Jinju
provinces	4228 - Naju	Naju
provinces	4229 - Chungju	Chungju
provinces	423 - Tblisi	T'bilisi
provinces	4230 - Suwon	Suwon
provinces	4231 - Haeju	Haeju
provinces	4232 - Ganggye	Ganggye
provinces	4236 - Trencin	Trencin
provinces	4237 - Olomouc	Olmütz
provinces	4238 - Leignitz	Liegnitz
provinces	4239 - Belgrade	Belgrade
provinces	4239 - Belgrade	Nándorfehérvár
provinces	424 - Ardabil	Ardabil
provinces	4240 - Fejer	Fehérvár
provinces	4241 - Wenden	Wenden
provinces	4242 - Ula	Ula
provinces	4243 - Toropets	Toropets
provinces	4244 - Starodub	Trubchevsk
provinces	4245 - Vyazma	Vyazma
provinces	4246 - Mstislav	Mstislav
provinces	4247 - Owrucz	Owrucz
provinces	4248 - Kashin	Kashin
provinces	4249 - Zubtsov	Zubtsov
provinces	425 - Dagestan	Derbent
provinces	4250 - Mologa	Stenka Razin
provinces	4250 - Mologa	Mologa
provinces	4251 - Mozhaisk	Mozhaisk
provinces	4252 - Kolomna	Kolomna
provinces	4253 - Yuriev	Yuriev
provinces	4254 - Starodub	Starodub
provinces	4255 - Pronsk	Pronsk
provinces	4255 - Pronsk	Ryazan
provinces	4256 - Solvychegodsk	Solvychegodsk
provinces	4257 - Mezen	Novokholmogory
provinces	4257 - Mezen	Archangelsk
provinces	4257 - Mezen	Okladnikova Sloboda
provinces	4258 - Onega	Onega
provinces	4259 - Velsk	Velsk
provinces	426 - Amol	Amol
provinces	4260 - Vyshny Volochyok	Vyshny Volochyok
provinces	4261 - Ustyuzhna	Ustyuzhna
provinces	4261 - Ustyuzhna	Belozersk
provinces	4262 - Totma	Totma
provinces	4263 - Sol Galitskaya	Sol Galitskaya
provinces	4264 - Tetyushi	Cheboksary
provinces	4264 - Tetyushi	Tetyushi
provinces	4265 - Ar Chally	Stepan Razin
provinces	4265 - Ar Chally	Ar-Chally
provinces	4265 - Ar Chally	Berezhnye
provinces	4265 - Ar Chally	Yemelyan Pugachev
provinces	4266 - Izhkar	Izhkar
provinces	4266 - Izhkar	Yemelyan Pugachev
provinces	4266 - Izhkar	Izhevsk
provinces	4267 - Bolgar	Stepan Razin
provinces	4267 - Bolgar	Bolgar
provinces	4267 - Bolgar	Yemelyan Pugachev
provinces	4267 - Bolgar	Simbirsk
provinces	4268 - Aqaba	Aqaba
provinces	4269 - Al Wajh	Al Wajh
provinces	427 - Qumis	Damghan
provinces	4270 - Azraq	Al Azraq
provinces	4271 - Suwaida	As-Suwayda
provinces	4272 - Jawf	Karah
provinces	4273 - Karaitan	Kariatan
provinces	4274 - Sudayr	al-Hauta
provinces	4275 - Yamamah	Kharj
provinces	4277 - Taif	Taif
provinces	4278 - Qunfudah	Qunfudhah
provinces	4279 - Zabid	Zabid
provinces	428 - Teheran	Muhammad Ak Koyunlu
provinces	428 - Teheran	Hasan Ali's Faction
provinces	428 - Teheran	Teheran
provinces	428 - Teheran	Hasan Ali
provinces	428 - Teheran	Muhammad's Faction
provinces	4280 - Taiz	Taiz
provinces	4281 - Dhamar	Dhamar
provinces	4282 - Sahda 	Al-Hadi al-Mutahhar
provinces	4282 - Sahda 	Sahda
provinces	4283 - Shihr	As Shihr
provinces	4284 - Al Ghayda	Al Ghaydah
provinces	4285 - Baraimi	Ibri
provinces	4286 - Sur	Sur
provinces	4286 - Sur	Qalhat
provinces	4287 - Ibra	Sur
provinces	4287 - Ibra	Ibra
provinces	4288 - Shatt	al-Qurna
provinces	4289 - Shushtar	Shushtar
provinces	429 - Isfahan	Esfahan
provinces	429 - Isfahan	Muhammad Ak Koyunlu
provinces	429 - Isfahan	Muhammad's Faction
provinces	4290 - Hoveyzeh	Hoveyzeh
provinces	4291 - Qazania	Muhammad Ak Koyunlu
provinces	4291 - Qazania	Qazaniya
provinces	4291 - Qazania	Muhammad's Faction
provinces	4292 - Mardin	Mardin
provinces	4293 - Arbil	Arbil
provinces	4293 - Arbil	Qasim Jahangir's Faction
provinces	4293 - Arbil	Qasim Jahangir Ak Koyunlu
provinces	4294 - Sulimaniyeh	Sulimaniyeh
provinces	4295 - Hisn Kayfa	Hisn Kayfa
provinces	4296 - Bitlis	Bitlis
provinces	4297 - Homs	Homs
provinces	4298 - Ayntab	Ayntab
provinces	4299 - Shamakhi	Ismail Safavid
provinces	4299 - Shamakhi	Shamakhi
provinces	4299 - Shamakhi	Qizilbash Tribesmen
provinces	43 - Danzig	Danzig
provinces	430 - Bushehr	Muhammad Ak Koyunlu
provinces	430 - Bushehr	Bushehr
provinces	430 - Bushehr	Muhammad's Faction
provinces	4300 - Mianeh	Muhammad Ak Koyunlu
provinces	4300 - Mianeh	Mianeh
provinces	4300 - Mianeh	Muhammad's Faction
provinces	4301 - Kartli	Gori
provinces	4302 - Bayazid	Qasim Jahangir Ak Koyunlu
provinces	4302 - Bayazid	Bayazid
provinces	4302 - Bayazid	Qasim Jahangir's Faction
provinces	4303 - Oltu	Oltu
provinces	4304 - Khoy	Khoy
provinces	4304 - Khoy	Hasan Ali
provinces	4304 - Khoy	Hasan Ali's Faction
provinces	4305 - Shaki	Ismail Safavid
provinces	4305 - Shaki	Shaki
provinces	4305 - Shaki	Qizilbash Tribesmen
provinces	4306 - Lakia	Kumukh
provinces	4307 - Aksaray	Aksaray
provinces	4308 - Denizli	Denizli
provinces	4308 - Denizli	Jem Osmanoglu
provinces	4309 - Aydin	Aydin
provinces	431 - Mogostan	Muhammad Ak Koyunlu
provinces	431 - Mogostan	Bandar-e Abbas
provinces	431 - Mogostan	Muhammad's Faction
provinces	431 - Mogostan	Gamrun
provinces	4310 - Divrigi	Divrigi
provinces	4311 - Karahisar	Karahisar
provinces	4312 - Eskesehir	Jem Osmanoglu
provinces	4312 - Eskesehir	Eskisehir
provinces	4313 - Cangiri	Kangiri
provinces	4314 - Kirsehir	Kirshehir
provinces	4315 - Tokat	Tokat
provinces	4316 - Mansura	Mansura
provinces	4317 - Buhaira	Damanhur
provinces	4318 - Atfih	Atfih
provinces	4319 - Isna	Isna
provinces	432 - Kerman	Kerman
provinces	432 - Kerman	Muhammad Ak Koyunlu
provinces	432 - Kerman	Muhammad's Faction
provinces	4320 - Girga	Girga
provinces	4323 - Farafreh	Farafreh
provinces	4324 - Ghuriyan	Ghuriyan
provinces	4325 - Sarakhs	Sarakhs
provinces	4326 - Nishapur	Nishapur
provinces	4327 - Jask	Muhammad Ak Koyunlu
provinces	4327 - Jask	Jask
provinces	4327 - Jask	Muhammad's Faction
provinces	4329 - Fasa	Muhammad Ak Koyunlu
provinces	4329 - Fasa	Muhammad's Faction
provinces	4329 - Fasa	Fasa
provinces	433 - Yazd	Muhammad Ak Koyunlu
provinces	433 - Yazd	Hasan Ali's Faction
provinces	433 - Yazd	Hasan Ali
provinces	433 - Yazd	Muhammad's Faction
provinces	433 - Yazd	Yazd
provinces	4330 - Darab	Muhammad Ak Koyunlu
provinces	4330 - Darab	Darab
provinces	4330 - Darab	Muhammad's Faction
provinces	4331 - Kazerun	Muhammad Ak Koyunlu
provinces	4331 - Kazerun	Kazerun
provinces	4331 - Kazerun	Muhammad's Faction
provinces	4332 - Siraf	Muhammad Ak Koyunlu
provinces	4332 - Siraf	Siraf
provinces	4332 - Siraf	Muhammad's Faction
provinces	4334 - Tabas	Tabas
provinces	4335 - Kashan	Muhammad Ak Koyunlu
provinces	4335 - Kashan	Kashan
provinces	4335 - Kashan	Muhammad's Faction
provinces	4336 - Tus	Tun
provinces	4337 - Savah	Muhammad Ak Koyunlu
provinces	4337 - Savah	Hasan Ali's Faction
provinces	4337 - Savah	Hasan Ali
provinces	4337 - Savah	Muhammad's Faction
provinces	4337 - Savah	Savah
provinces	4338 - Soltanieh	Muhammad Ak Koyunlu
provinces	4338 - Soltanieh	Soltanieh
provinces	4338 - Soltanieh	Muhammad's Faction
provinces	4339 - Rasht	Rasht
provinces	434 - Quhistan	Muhammad Ak Koyunlu
provinces	434 - Quhistan	Bampur
provinces	434 - Quhistan	Muhammad's Faction
provinces	4340 - Astara	Astara
provinces	4341 - Sari	Sari
provinces	4342 - Malamir	Malamir
provinces	4343 - Termez	Termez
provinces	4344 - Kish	Shahrisabz
provinces	4345 - Saidabad	Muhammad Ak Koyunlu
provinces	4345 - Saidabad	Bandar-e Abbas
provinces	4345 - Saidabad	Muhammad's Faction
provinces	4345 - Saidabad	Saidabad
provinces	4348 - Ifugao	Ifugao
provinces	4349 - Laguna	AgustÃ­n de Legazpi
provinces	4349 - Laguna	Laguna
provinces	435 - Zaranj	Zaranj
provinces	4350 - Mindoro	Caminawit
provinces	4351 - Buglas	Silay
provinces	4352 - Cebu	Cebu
provinces	4353 - Leyte	Leyte
provinces	4353 - Leyte	Carigara
provinces	4354 - Zamboanga	Zamboanga
provinces	4355 - Caraga 	Caraga
provinces	4356 - Taytay	Taytay
provinces	4359 - Ise	Kiriyama
provinces	436 - Birjand	Birjand
provinces	4360 - Mikawa	Okazaki
provinces	4361 - East March	Jedburgh
provinces	4362 - West March	Dumfries
provinces	4363 - Argyll	Loch Awe
provinces	4364 - Inner Hebrides	Skye
provinces	4365 - Mann	Castletown
provinces	4366 - Montgomery	Montgomery
provinces	4366 - Montgomery	Henry of Lancaster
provinces	4367 - Hull	Edward of York
provinces	4367 - Hull	Hull
provinces	4367 - Hull	Richard Neville
provinces	4368 - Scarborough	Edward of York
provinces	4368 - Scarborough	Scarborough
provinces	4368 - Scarborough	Richard Neville
provinces	4369 - Carmarthen	Henry of Lancaster
provinces	4369 - Carmarthen	Carmarthen
provinces	437 - Atak	Nisa
provinces	4370 - Cambridgeshire	Cambridge
provinces	4371 - Sussex	Hastings
provinces	4372 - Coventry	Coventry
provinces	4373 - Devon	Plymouth
provinces	4374 - Dorset	Weymouth
provinces	4375 - Chester	Liverpool
provinces	4375 - Chester	Chester
provinces	4376 - Leicester	Birmingham
provinces	4376 - Leicester	Leicester
provinces	4377 - Ormond	Kilkenny
provinces	4378 - Kinsale	Killarney
provinces	4379 - Middlands	Annaly
provinces	438 - Kara Kum	Geok-Tepe
provinces	4380 - Donegal	Donegal
provinces	4381 - Oversticht	Zwolle
provinces	4382 - Ommeland	Louis of Nassau
provinces	4382 - Ommeland	Les Gueux
provinces	4382 - Ommeland	Groningen
provinces	4383 - Haag	Den Haag
provinces	4384 - Rennes	Rennes
provinces	4385 - Cotentin	Cherbourg
provinces	4386 - Vendee	Luçon
provinces	4387 - Angouleme	Angoulême
provinces	4388 - Chartres	Chartres
provinces	4389 - Touraine	Tours
provinces	439 - Mangyshlak	Mangyshlak
provinces	4390 - Troyes	Troyes
provinces	4391 - Vivarais	Viviers
provinces	4392 - Auxerrois	Semur
provinces	44 - Hamburg	Hamburg
provinces	440 - Qaraqalpak	Chimbay
provinces	441 - Khiva	Khiva
provinces	442 - Bukhara	Bukhara
provinces	443 - Ust Yurt	Ust Yurt
provinces	444 - Charjuy	Charjuy
provinces	445 - Merv	Merv
provinces	446 - Herat	Herat
provinces	447 - Kandahar	Kandahar
provinces	448 - Gazni	Hakim Timurid's Faction
provinces	448 - Gazni	Gazni
provinces	449 - Ghor	Hakim Timurid's Faction
provinces	449 - Ghor	Ahangaran
provinces	449 - Ghor	Hakim Timurid
provinces	45 - Lubeck	Lübeck
provinces	450 - Balkh	Hakim Timurid's Faction
provinces	450 - Balkh	Balkh
provinces	451 - Kabul	Hakim Timurid's Faction
provinces	451 - Kabul	Kabal
provinces	451 - Kabul	Kabul
provinces	452 - Badakhshan	Hakim Timurid's Faction
provinces	452 - Badakhshan	Munjan
provinces	453 - Qarshi	Qarshi
provinces	454 - Samarkand	Samarkand
provinces	455 - Kyrzyl-Kum	Kyzyl Kum
provinces	456 - Turkestan	Hazrat-i Turkistan
provinces	456 - Turkestan	Yasi
provinces	457 - Tashkent	Tashkent
provinces	458 - Kokand	Kokand
provinces	459 - Taraz	Taraz
provinces	46 - Rostock	Rostock
provinces	460 - Uzkend	Uzkend
provinces	461 - Almaty	Almaty
provinces	462 - Mingrelia	Zugdidi
provinces	463 - Circassia	Adyche
provinces	464 - Astrakhan	Astrakhan
provinces	464 - Astrakhan	Stepan Razin
provinces	464 - Astrakhan	Hajitarkhan
provinces	464 - Astrakhan	Kondraty Bulavin
provinces	465 - Nogay	Saraychik
provinces	465 - Nogay	Nizhny Yaitsky Gorodok
provinces	465 - Nogay	Yemelyan Pugachev
provinces	465 - Nogay	Guryev
provinces	466 - Sarai	Stepan Razin
provinces	466 - Sarai	Sarai
provinces	466 - Sarai	Yemelyan Pugachev
provinces	467 - Borisoglebsk	Borisoglebsk
provinces	467 - Borisoglebsk	Yemelyan Pugachev
provinces	468 - Khazaria	Stepan Razin
provinces	468 - Khazaria	Cherny Yar
provinces	469 - Ryn	Ryn
provinces	469 - Ryn	Yemelyan Pugachev
provinces	47 - Stralsund	Stralsund
provinces	470 - Bayuly	Bayuly
provinces	471 - Alimuly	Alimuly
provinces	472 - Jetyru	Zhetyru
provinces	473 - Samara	Stepan Razin
provinces	473 - Samara	Samara
provinces	473 - Samara	Yemelyan Pugachev
provinces	474 - Yaik	Yaitsky Gorodok
provinces	474 - Yaik	Yaik
provinces	474 - Yaik	Uralsk
provinces	474 - Yaik	Yemelyan Pugachev
provinces	475 - Bashkortostan	Ufa
provinces	475 - Bashkortostan	Bashkort
provinces	475 - Bashkortostan	Yemelyan Pugachev
provinces	476 - Kypshak	Orda-Bazar
provinces	477 - Nadym	Nadym
provinces	478 - Argyn	Argyn
provinces	479 - Kerey	Kerey
provinces	48 - Kolberg	Kolberg
provinces	480 - Kulunda	Pegaya Orda
provinces	481 - Bermuda	St. George
provinces	481 - Bermuda	Bermuda
provinces	482 - Bahamas	Bahamas
provinces	482 - Bahamas	Charles Town
provinces	482 - Bahamas	Nassau
provinces	483 - Turks Islands	Grand Turk
provinces	483 - Turks Islands	Cockburn Town
provinces	484 - Havana	Havana
provinces	485 - Moron	Moron
provinces	486 - Guantanamo	Guantanamo
provinces	487 - Jamaica	Jamaica
provinces	487 - Jamaica	Kingston
provinces	488 - Les Cayes	Les Cayes
provinces	488 - Les Cayes	Salvatiera de la Sabana
provinces	488 - Les Cayes	Port-Au-Prince
provinces	489 - Tortuga	Tortuga
provinces	49 - Neumark	Landsberg
provinces	490 - Barahonas	Santo Domingo de Guzmán
provinces	490 - Barahonas	Barahona
provinces	491 - Curacao	Punda
provinces	491 - Curacao	Curacao
provinces	492 - Puerto Rico	San Juan
provinces	492 - Puerto Rico	Puerto Rico
provinces	493 - St. Thomas	Charlotte Amalie
provinces	493 - St. Thomas	St. Thomas
provinces	494 - St. Kitts	Basseterre
provinces	494 - St. Kitts	St. Kitts
provinces	495 - Antigua	Antigua
provinces	495 - Antigua	St. John
provinces	496 - Guadeloupe	Guadeloupe
provinces	496 - Guadeloupe	Basse-Terre
provinces	497 - Dominica	Dominica
provinces	498 - Martinique	Martinique
provinces	498 - Martinique	Saint-Pierre
provinces	499 - St. Lucia	St. Lucia
provinces	499 - St. Lucia	Castries
provinces	5-Varmland	Karlstad
provinces	50 - Berlin	Berlin
provinces	50 - Berlin	Berlin-Cölln
provinces	500 - St. Vincent	St. Vincent
provinces	501 - Barbados	Barbados
provinces	501 - Barbados	Bridgetown
provinces	502 - Trinidad	Trinidad
provinces	502 - Trinidad	Port-of-Spain
provinces	503 - Kutch	Lakhiyarvira
provinces	504 - Thatta	Thatta
provinces	505 - Sehwan	Sehwan
provinces	506 - Multan	Multan
provinces	507 - Lahore	Sikh Rebels
provinces	507 - Lahore	Daulat Khan Lodi
provinces	507 - Lahore	Lahore
provinces	507 - Lahore	Bahlul Lodi
provinces	508 - Kashmir	Srinagar
provinces	509 - Kangra	Kangra
provinces	51 - Ruppin	Neuruppin
provinces	510 - Sirhind	Sikh Rebels
provinces	510 - Sirhind	Sirhind
provinces	510 - Sirhind	Bahlul Lodi
provinces	511 - Garhwal	Devalgarh
provinces	512 - Jangladesh	Pugal
provinces	512 - Jangladesh	Bikaner
provinces	512 - Jangladesh	Rati Ghati
provinces	513 - Jaisalmer	Jaisalmer
provinces	514 - Marwar	Mandore
provinces	514 - Marwar	Jodphur
provinces	514 - Marwar	Jodha Rathore
provinces	515 - Girnar	Diu
provinces	515 - Girnar	Girnar
provinces	516 - Baroda	Murad Bakhsh Timurid
provinces	516 - Baroda	Khurrams Faction
provinces	516 - Baroda	Shah Jahan Timurid
provinces	516 - Baroda	Baroda
provinces	516 - Baroda	Murad Bakhsh's Faction
provinces	517 - Surat	Surat
provinces	517 - Surat	Murad Bakhsh Timurid
provinces	517 - Surat	Khurrams Faction
provinces	517 - Surat	Shah Jahan Timurid
provinces	517 - Surat	Murad Bakhsh's Faction
provinces	518 - Chittor	Udaipur
provinces	518 - Chittor	Chittor
provinces	519 - Dhundar	Jaipur
provinces	519 - Dhundar	Amber
provinces	52 - Magdeburg	Magdeburg
provinces	520 - Mewat	Deeg
provinces	520 - Mewat	Muhammad Azam Shah Timurid
provinces	520 - Mewat	Bharatpur
provinces	520 - Mewat	Alwar
provinces	521 - Kathiawar	Murad Bakhsh Timurid
provinces	521 - Kathiawar	Khurrams Faction
provinces	521 - Kathiawar	Shah Jahan Timurid
provinces	521 - Kathiawar	Rajkot
provinces	521 - Kathiawar	Murad Bakhsh's Faction
provinces	522 - Delhi	Shahjahanabad
provinces	522 - Delhi	Delhi
provinces	523 - Oudh	Uzbek Grandees
provinces	523 - Oudh	Mahmud Lodi
provinces	523 - Oudh	Lucknow
provinces	524 - Central Doab	Akbarabad
provinces	524 - Central Doab	Mathura
provinces	524 - Central Doab	Aurangzeb's Faction
provinces	524 - Central Doab	Fatehpur Sikri
provinces	524 - Central Doab	Agra
provinces	524 - Central Doab	Shah Jahan Timurid
provinces	524 - Central Doab	Muhammad Azam Shah Timurid
provinces	524 - Central Doab	Aurangzeb Alamgir Timurid
provinces	524 - Central Doab	Khurrams Faction
provinces	525 - Gird	Gwalior
provinces	525 - Gird	Aurangzeb's Faction
provinces	525 - Gird	Shah Jahan Timurid
provinces	525 - Gird	Aurangzeb Alamgir Timurid
provinces	525 - Gird	Khurrams Faction
provinces	526 - Mandu	Mandu
provinces	526 - Mandu	Murad Bakhsh Timurid
provinces	526 - Mandu	Khurrams Faction
provinces	526 - Mandu	Indore
provinces	526 - Mandu	Shah Jahan Timurid
provinces	526 - Mandu	Murad Bakhsh's Faction
provinces	527 - Khandesh	Burhanpur
provinces	527 - Khandesh	Khurrams Faction
provinces	527 - Khandesh	Aurangzeb's Faction
provinces	527 - Khandesh	Shah Jahan Timurid
provinces	527 - Khandesh	Aurangzeb Alamgir Timurid
provinces	528 - Hadoti	Kota
provinces	529 - North Konkan	Bombay
provinces	529 - North Konkan	Thana
provinces	53 - Luneburg	Lüneburg
provinces	530 - South Konkan	Dabhol
provinces	531 - North Kanara	Bhatkal
provinces	531 - North Kanara	Karwar
provinces	532 - Raichur Doab	Raichur
provinces	533 - Mysore	Seringapatanam
provinces	534 - Malabar	Calicut
provinces	535 - Kochin	Kochin
provinces	536 - Madurai	Vira Narisimha Saluva
provinces	536 - Madurai	Madurai
provinces	537 - Venad	Padmanabhapuram
provinces	537 - Venad	Quilon
provinces	537 - Venad	Thiruvananthapuram
provinces	538 - Kongu	Coimbatore
provinces	539 - Tondainadu	Pulicat
provinces	539 - Tondainadu	Madras
provinces	54 - Stade	Bremervörde
provinces	540 - Coromandel	Pondicherry
provinces	540 - Coromandel	Kuddaluru
provinces	541 - Vijayanagar	Vijayanagara
provinces	541 - Vijayanagar	Bellary
provinces	542 - Golconda	Golconda
provinces	542 - Golconda	Hyderabad
provinces	543 - Velanadu	Masulipatnam
provinces	544 - Ahmadnagar	Junir
provinces	544 - Ahmadnagar	Aurangzeb's Faction
provinces	544 - Ahmadnagar	Ahmednagar
provinces	544 - Ahmadnagar	Aurangzeb Alamgir Timurid
provinces	545 - Marathwada	Aurangabad
provinces	545 - Marathwada	Aurangzeb's Faction
provinces	545 - Marathwada	Shah Jahan Timurid
provinces	545 - Marathwada	Aurangzeb Alamgir Timurid
provinces	545 - Marathwada	Daulatabad
provinces	545 - Marathwada	Khurrams Faction
provinces	546 - East Berar	Nagpur
provinces	546 - East Berar	Wairagarh
provinces	547 - Bastar	Jagdalpur
provinces	548 - West Berar	Khurrams Faction
provinces	548 - West Berar	Aurangzeb's Faction
provinces	548 - West Berar	Illichpur
provinces	548 - West Berar	Shah Jahan Timurid
provinces	548 - West Berar	Amravati
provinces	548 - West Berar	Aurangzeb Alamgir Timurid
provinces	549 - Kalingandhra	Hamvira Suryavamsi
provinces	549 - Kalingandhra	Vizianagaram
provinces	55 - Oldenburg	Oldenburg
provinces	550 - Mahakoshal	Jabalpur
provinces	550 - Mahakoshal	Garha
provinces	551 - Mandla	Mandla
provinces	551 - Mandla	Tehri
provinces	552 - Cuttack	Muhammed Shuja Timurid
provinces	552 - Cuttack	Shah Jahan Timurid
provinces	552 - Cuttack	Cuttack
provinces	552 - Cuttack	Muhammed Shuja's Faction
provinces	552 - Cuttack	Khurrams Faction
provinces	553 - Sambalpur	Sambalpur
provinces	554 - Baisi Rajya	Jumbla
provinces	555 - Jaunpur	Jaunpur
provinces	555 - Jaunpur	Landless Nobles
provinces	555 - Jaunpur	Muhammed Shuja Timurid
provinces	555 - Jaunpur	Mahmud Lodi
provinces	555 - Jaunpur	Muhammed Shuja's Faction
provinces	555 - Jaunpur	Shah Jahan Timurid
provinces	555 - Jaunpur	Jalal Khan Lodi
provinces	555 - Jaunpur	Khurrams Faction
provinces	556 - Lower Doab	Uzbek Grandees
provinces	556 - Lower Doab	Allahabad
provinces	557 - Katmandu	Kathmandu
provinces	558 - Patna	Muhammed Shuja Timurid
provinces	558 - Patna	Landless Nobles
provinces	558 - Patna	Shah Jahan Timurid
provinces	558 - Patna	Muhammed Shuja's Faction
provinces	558 - Patna	Patna
provinces	558 - Patna	Khurrams Faction
provinces	559 - Bundelkhand	Orchha
provinces	56 - Osnabruck	Osnabrück
provinces	560 - Jharkand	Palamau
provinces	561 - Bengal Delta	Howrah
provinces	561 - Bengal Delta	Calcutta
provinces	561 - Bengal Delta	Muhammed Shuja Timurid
provinces	561 - Bengal Delta	Shah Jahan Timurid
provinces	561 - Bengal Delta	Muhammed Shuja's Faction
provinces	561 - Bengal Delta	Khurrams Faction
provinces	562 - Koch Behar	Atharokotha
provinces	562 - Koch Behar	Kamatapur
provinces	562 - Koch Behar	Cooch Behar
provinces	563 - Gauda	Muhammed Shuja Timurid
provinces	563 - Gauda	Murshidabad
provinces	563 - Gauda	Pandua
provinces	563 - Gauda	Shah Jahan Timurid
provinces	563 - Gauda	Muhammed Shuja's Faction
provinces	563 - Gauda	Gaur
provinces	563 - Gauda	Khurrams Faction
provinces	564 - Dakha	Muhammed Shuja Timurid
provinces	564 - Dakha	Shah Jahan Timurid
provinces	564 - Dakha	Muhammed Shuja's Faction
provinces	564 - Dakha	Dakha
provinces	564 - Dakha	Khurrams Faction
provinces	565 - Bhutan	Punakha
provinces	566 - Assam	Garhgaon
provinces	566 - Assam	Jorhat
provinces	566 - Assam	Charaideo
provinces	566 - Assam	Ragh Neog
provinces	566 - Assam	Moran Rebels
provinces	567 - Silhet	Sylhet
provinces	567 - Silhet	Shah Jahan Timurid
provinces	567 - Silhet	Khurrams Faction
provinces	568 - Chittagong	Chittagong
provinces	569 - Bijapur	Bijapur
provinces	57 - Brunswick	Braunschweig
provinces	570 - Naga	Dimapur
provinces	571 - Darrang	Koliabar
provinces	571 - Darrang	Dundiya Rebels
provinces	572 - Kotte	Kotte
provinces	573 - Cachar	Khaspur
provinces	573 - Cachar	Maibang
provinces	574 - The Andamans	The Andamans
provinces	574 - The Andamans	Frederiksøerne
provinces	574 - The Andamans	Theresia
provinces	575 - Eastern Makran	Gwadar
provinces	576 - Kalat	Kalat
provinces	577 - Quetta	Sadozai
provinces	577 - Quetta	Quetta
provinces	578 - Roh	Peshawar
provinces	578 - Roh	Pathans
provinces	579 - Mrauk U	Mrauk U
provinces	58 - Anhalt	Dessau
provinces	580 - Kale	Kale
provinces	581 - Sagaing	Sagaing
provinces	582 - Mong Yang	Mong Yang
provinces	583 - Hsenwi	Hsenwi
provinces	584 - Ava	Ava
provinces	585 - Taungoo	Toungoo
provinces	586 - Pegu	Pegu
provinces	587 - Kengtung	Kengtung
provinces	588 - Mong Nai	Mong Nai
provinces	589 - Chiang Mai	Chiang Mai
provinces	59 - Wittenberg	Wittenberg
provinces	590 - Moulmein	Moulmein
provinces	591 - Tavoy	Tavoy
provinces	592 - Ratchaburi	Ratchaburi
provinces	593 - Nakhon Si Thammarat	Nakhon Si Thammarat
provinces	594 - Pattani	Pattani
provinces	595 - Perak	Perak
provinces	596 - Malacca	Malacca
provinces	597 - Johor	Johor
provinces	597 - Johor	Kota Tingi
provinces	598 - Pahang	Pahang
provinces	599 - Kelantan	Kelantan
provinces	6-Skane	Lund
provinces	60 - Lausitz	Bautzen
provinces	600 - Ayutthaya	Ayutthaya
provinces	600 - Ayutthaya	Thonburi
provinces	601 - Sukhothai	Sukhothai
provinces	602 - Chiang Rai	Chiang Rai
provinces	603 - Nakhon Thung Yai	Nakhon Thung Yai
provinces	603 - Nakhon Thung Yai	Trat
provinces	604 - Oudong	Oudong
provinces	604 - Oudong	Longvek
provinces	605 - Prey Nokor	Prey Nokor
provinces	606 - Panduranga	Panduranga
provinces	607 - Vijaya	Vijaya
provinces	607 - Vijaya	Tay Son
provinces	608 - Champassak	Champasak
provinces	609 - Angkor	Angkor
provinces	609 - Angkor	Siem Riep
provinces	61 - Dresden	Meissen
provinces	61 - Dresden	Dresden
provinces	610 - Thanh Hoa	Thanh Hoa
provinces	611 - Sikhottabong	Sikhottabong
provinces	612 - Khorat	Nakhon Ratchasima
provinces	612 - Khorat	Khorat
provinces	613 - Dong Kinh	Dong Kinh
provinces	614 - Vientiane	Vientiane
provinces	615 - Luang Prabang	Xieng Tong
provinces	615 - Luang Prabang	Luang Prabang
provinces	616 - Cao Bang	Cao Bang
provinces	617 - Lamuri	Lamuri
provinces	617 - Lamuri	Kutaraja
provinces	618 - Deli	Deli
provinces	619 - Batak	Batak
provinces	62 - Leipzig	Leipzig
provinces	62 - Leipzig	bookmarket_of_x
provinces	620 - Siak	Siak
provinces	621 - Bengkulu	Bengkulu
provinces	622 - Palembang	Palembang
provinces	623 - Tulangbewang	Tulangbewang
provinces	624 - Banten	Banten
provinces	625 - Ciamis	Ciamis
provinces	626 - Karta	Kartosuro
provinces	626 - Karta	Plered
provinces	626 - Karta	Karta
provinces	627 - Blambangan	Blambangan
provinces	627 - Blambangan	Banyuwangi
provinces	628 - Surabaya	Surabaya
provinces	629 - Demak	Demak
provinces	63 - Erfurt	Weimar
provinces	63 - Erfurt	Erfurt
provinces	630 - Kalapa	Jayakarta
provinces	630 - Kalapa	Kalapa
provinces	630 - Kalapa	Batavia
provinces	631 - Bali	Gianyar
provinces	632 - Sumbawa	Sumbawa
provinces	633 - Flores	Flores
provinces	633 - Flores	Solor
provinces	634 - Sumba	Sumba
provinces	635 -West Timor	Lifau
provinces	636 - Brunei	Brunei
provinces	637 - Jesselton	Jesselton
provinces	638 - Kutai	Kutai
provinces	639 - Banjar	Banjar
provinces	64 - Landshut	Landshut
provinces	640 - Pontianak	Pontianak
provinces	641 - Makassar	Makassar
provinces	642 - Kendari	Kendari
provinces	643 - Poso	Poso
provinces	644 - Manado	Manado
provinces	645 - Buru	Buru
provinces	646 - Ambon	Ambon
provinces	647 - Ceram	Ceram
provinces	648 - Halmahera	Halmahera
provinces	649 - Ternate	Ternate
provinces	65 - Munchen	München
provinces	650 - Tidore	Tidore
provinces	651 - Sulu	Jolo
provinces	652 - Maguindanao	Maguindanao
provinces	653 - Lanao	Marawi
provinces	654 - Samar	Borongan
provinces	654 - Samar	Samar
provinces	655 - Palawan	Palawan
provinces	656 - Manila	AgustÃ­n de Legazpi
provinces	656 - Manila	Manila
provinces	657 - Ilocos	Ilocos
provinces	658 - Cagayan	Cagayan
provinces	658 - Cagayan	Nueva Segovia
provinces	659 - Lingga	Lingga
provinces	66 - Bamberg	Bamberg
provinces	660 - Sibsongbanna	Sibsongbanna
provinces	661 - Dali	Dali
provinces	662 - Yunnan	Kunming
provinces	663 - Guangnan	Guangnan
provinces	664 - Lingyun	Lingyun
provinces	665 - Shiuhing	Shiuhing
provinces	666 - Kiungchow	Kingchow
provinces	667 - Canton	Canton
provinces	668 - Macau	Macau
provinces	669 - Fuzhou	Fuzhou
provinces	67 - Nurnberg	Nürnberg
provinces	670 - Ganzhou	Ganzhou
provinces	671 - Changsha	Changsha
provinces	672 - Wulin	Wulin
provinces	673 - Zhenyuan	Zhenyuan
provinces	674 - Guiyang	Guiyang
provinces	675 - Umung	Umung
provinces	676 - Shigatse	Shigatse
provinces	677 - Lhasa	Lhasa
provinces	678 - Tachienlu	Tachienlu
provinces	679 - Chengdu	Chengdu
provinces	68 - Memmingen	Memmingen
provinces	680 - Chongqing	Chongqing
provinces	681 - Yichang	Yichang
provinces	682 - Wuchang	Wuchang
provinces	683 - Nanchang	Nanchang
provinces	684 - Hangzhou	Hangzhou
provinces	685 - Yangzhou	Yangzhou
provinces	686 - Anqing	Anqing
provinces	687 - Nanyang	Nanyang
provinces	688 - Kaifeng	Kaifeng
provinces	689 - Hanzhong	Hanzhong
provinces	69 - Oberschwaben	Ravensburg
provinces	690 - Qingzhou	Qingzhou
provinces	691 - Jinan	Jinan
provinces	692 - Huaiqing	Huaiqing
provinces	693 - Taiyuan	Taiyuan
provinces	694 - Pingyang	Pingyang
provinces	695 - Hejian	Hejian
provinces	696 - Baoding	Baoding
provinces	697 - Datong	Datong
provinces	698 - Ningxia	Ningxia
provinces	699 - Lanzhou	Lanzhou
provinces	7 - Skaraborg	Göteborg
provinces	7 - Skaraborg	Skara
provinces	70 - Wurttemberg	Ludwigsburg
provinces	70 - Wurttemberg	Stuttgart
provinces	700 - Xi'an	Xi'an
provinces	701 - Ordos	Ordos
provinces	702 - Hohhot	Hohhot
provinces	703 - Chengde	Chengde
provinces	704 - Ningyuan	Ningyuan
provinces	705 - Gyegu	Gyegu
provinces	706 - Tsaidam	Tsaidam
provinces	707 - Yumen	Yumen
provinces	708 - Gansu	Zhangye
provinces	709 - Alxa	Alxa
provinces	71 - Ansbach	Hall
provinces	710 - Hotan	Hotan
provinces	711 - Qarqan	Qarqan
provinces	712 - Aksu	Aksu
provinces	713 - Bechbaliq	Bechbaliq
provinces	714 - Hoboksar	Hoboksar
provinces	715 - Urumqi	Urumqi
provinces	716 - Tannu Uriankhai	Tannu Uriankhai
provinces	717 - Kherlen	Kherlen
provinces	718 - Kobdo	Kobdo
provinces	719 - Uliastai	Uliastai
provinces	72 - Breisgau	Freiburg
provinces	720 - Dorno Govi	Dornogovi
provinces	720 - Dorno Govi	Urga
provinces	720 - Dorno Govi	Khuree
provinces	721 - Setsen	Setsen
provinces	722 - Jirem	Jirem
provinces	723 - Xilin Gol	Xilin Gol
provinces	724 - Hulunbuir	Hulunbuir
provinces	725 - Cicigar	Cicigar
provinces	726 - Shenyang	Mukden
provinces	726 - Shenyang	Shenyang
provinces	726 - Shenyang	Fengtianfu
provinces	727 - Aigun	Aigun
provinces	728 - Tuwan	Tuwan
provinces	729 - Bohori	Bohori
provinces	73 - Tirol	hab_schwaz_mine
provinces	73 - Tirol	Innsbruck
provinces	730 - Girin	Girin
provinces	731 - Ilan Hala	Ilan Hala
provinces	732 - South Hamgyeong	Hamgyeong
provinces	733 - Hwangju	Hwangju
provinces	734 - West Gangwon	Wonju
provinces	735 - Hanseong	Hanseong
provinces	736 - Sangju	Sangju
provinces	737 - Jeonju	Jeonju
provinces	738 - Sakam	Sakam
provinces	739 - Kashgar	Kashgar
provinces	74 - Baden	Baden
provinces	740 - Chanderi	Murad Bakhsh Timurid
provinces	740 - Chanderi	Khurrams Faction
provinces	740 - Chanderi	Chanderi
provinces	740 - Chanderi	Shah Jahan Timurid
provinces	740 - Chanderi	Murad Bakhsh's Faction
provinces	741 - Cumana	Cumana
provinces	742 - Guayana	Angostura
provinces	743 - Essequibo	Essequibo
provinces	744 - Demerara	Demerara
provinces	745 - Suriname	Paramaribo
provinces	746 - Cayenne	Cayenne
provinces	747 - Tucujulandia	Macapá
provinces	747 - Tucujulandia	Amapa
provinces	748 - Grao Para	Belém
provinces	749 - Maranhao	Maranhao
provinces	749 - Maranhao	São Luis
provinces	749 - Maranhao	Saint Louis
provinces	75 - Elsass	Straßburg
provinces	750 - Alpercatas	Crato
provinces	751 - Ceara	São Tiago
provinces	751 - Ceara	Ceara
provinces	751 - Ceara	Fortaleza
provinces	752 - Oeiras	Oeiras
provinces	753 - Rio Grande	Rio Grande
provinces	753 - Rio Grande	Natal
provinces	754 - Itamaraca	Frederikstad
provinces	754 - Itamaraca	Filipeia
provinces	754 - Itamaraca	Parahyba do Norte
provinces	755 - Pernambuco	Recife
provinces	755 - Pernambuco	Olinda
provinces	756 - Bahia	Bahia
provinces	756 - Bahia	São Salvador
provinces	757 - Ilheus	Ilheus
provinces	758 - Goias	Goias
provinces	759 - Diamentina	Arraial do Tejuco
provinces	76 - Salzburg	Salzburg
provinces	760 - Porto Seguro	Porto Seguro
provinces	761 - Espirito Santo	Vila Velha
provinces	761 - Espirito Santo	Vitória
provinces	761 - Espirito Santo	Espirito Santo
provinces	762 - Sao Tome	São Salvador de Campos
provinces	762 - Sao Tome	Sao Tome
provinces	763 - Rio de Janeiro	Rio de Janeiro
provinces	764 - Santo Amaro	São José dos Campos
provinces	764 - Santo Amaro	Santo Amaro
provinces	765 - Minas Gerais	Sabará
provinces	765 - Minas Gerais	Santa Luzia
provinces	766 - Sao Vicente	Sao Vicente
provinces	766 - Sao Vicente	São Paulo
provinces	767 - Ortelsburg	Ortelsburg
provinces	768 - Guayra	Guayra
provinces	769 - Curitiba	Curitiba
provinces	77 - Heidelberg	Heidelberg
provinces	770 - Braslaw	Braslaw
provinces	771 - Vitebsk	Vitebsk
provinces	772 - Paysandu	Paysandu
provinces	772 - Paysandu	Paysandú
provinces	773 - Banda Oriente	Fuerte San Miguel
provinces	774 - Al Junaynahr	Al-Junaynahr
provinces	775 - Xeres	Asunción
provinces	776 - Itenines	Concepcion
provinces	777 - Parana	Corrientes
provinces	778 - Rio de la Plata	Rio de la Plata
provinces	778 - Rio de la Plata	Santa María del Buen Ayre
provinces	778 - Rio de la Plata	Ciudad de Trinidad
provinces	779 - Serranos	Tandil
provinces	78 - Mainz	Mainz
provinces	78 - Mainz	Frankfurt
provinces	78 - Mainz	Mannheim
provinces	780 - Tehuelmapu	Candelaria
provinces	781 - Patagonia Oriental	Puerto Desaedo
provinces	782 - Tierra del Fuego	Tierra del Fuego
provinces	783 - Patagonia Occidental	Alacaluf
provinces	784 - Huillimapu	Osorno
provinces	784 - Huillimapu	Huillimapu
provinces	785 - Pehuenmapu	Pehuenmapu
provinces	786 - Salinas Grande	Carmen
provinces	787 - Pincunmapu	Santiago
provinces	787 - Pincunmapu	Picunmapu
provinces	788 - Angoche	Angoche
provinces	789 - Mtetwa	Mtetwa
provinces	789 - Mtetwa	Bulawayo
provinces	79 - Wurzburg	Würzburg
provinces	790 - Chaco Austral	Chaco Austral
provinces	791 - Catamarca	Catamarca
provinces	792 - Copiapo	Copiapo
provinces	793 - Atacama	Iquique
provinces	794 - Jujuy	Jujuy
provinces	795 - Potosi	Potosí
provinces	796 - Arica	Arica
provinces	797 - Caracara	Caracara
provinces	798 - Nsoyo	Nsoyo
provinces	799 - Chaco Boreal	Chaco Boreal
provinces	8-Dalaskogen	Mora
provinces	80 - Trier	Trier
provinces	800 - Chiquitos	Chiquitos
provinces	801 - Caranga	Cochabamba
provinces	801 - Caranga	Caranga
provinces	802 - Chuquiabo	La Paz
provinces	802 - Chuquiabo	Chuquiabo
provinces	803 - Moxos	Trinidad
provinces	803 - Moxos	Moxos
provinces	804 - Puno	Puno
provinces	804 - Puno	Hatuncolla
provinces	805 - Arequipa	Arequipa
provinces	806 - Nazca	Nazca
provinces	807 - Huamanga	Abancay
provinces	808 - Cuzco	Cuzco
provinces	809 - Lima	Lima
provinces	81 - Hessen	Marburg
provinces	810 - Huancavelica	Huancavelica
provinces	811 - Tarma	Jauja
provinces	812 - Chanchan	Trujillo
provinces	812 - Chanchan	Chanchan
provinces	813 - Cajamarca	Cajamarca
provinces	814 - Huanuco	Huanuco
provinces	815 - Maynas	Iquitos
provinces	816 - Tumbes	Tumbes
provinces	817 - Cuenca	Cuenca
provinces	817 - Cuenca	Surampalli
provinces	817 - Cuenca	Tumibamba
provinces	818 - Canelos	Canelos
provinces	819 - Guayaquil	Guayaquil
provinces	82 - Lippe	Arnsberg
provinces	820 - Quito	Quito
provinces	821 - Quijos	Baeza
provinces	822 - Caqueta	Mocoa
provinces	823 - Cauca	Cali
provinces	823 - Cauca	Cauca
provinces	824 - Mariquita	Mariquita
provinces	825 - Bogota	Bogotá
provinces	826 - Choco	Quibdó
provinces	826 - Choco	Santa María la Antigua del Darién
provinces	826 - Choco	Choco
provinces	827 - Antioquia	Medellin
provinces	827 - Antioquia	Antioquía
provinces	828 - Cartagena	Cartagena
provinces	829 - Magdalena	Magdalena
provinces	829 - Magdalena	Santa Marta
provinces	83 - Nassau	Wiesbaden
provinces	830 - Maracaibo	Maracaibo
provinces	831 - Caracas	Caracas
provinces	832 - Chiancon	Tunja
provinces	833 - GraaffReinet	Graaff-Reinet
provinces	834 - Barinas	Barinas
provinces	835 - Panama	Panama
provinces	836 - Chorotega	Chorotega
provinces	836 - Chorotega	Cartago
provinces	837 - Nicaragua	Leon
provinces	837 - Nicaragua	Nicaragua
provinces	838 - Mosquito	Mosquito
provinces	839 - Pipil	San Salvador
provinces	839 - Pipil	Pipil
provinces	84 - Berg	Düsseldorf
provinces	840 - Honduras	Trujillo
provinces	840 - Honduras	Honduras
provinces	841 - Guatemala	Guatemala
provinces	841 - Guatemala	Antigua
provinces	841 - Guatemala	Guatemala city
provinces	841 - Guatemala	Ciudad Vieja
provinces	842 - Peten	Petén
provinces	843 - Belize	Belize
provinces	843 - Belize	Belize Town
provinces	844 - Zapotec	Zaachila
provinces	844 - Zapotec	Oaxaca
provinces	845 - Campeche	Campeche
provinces	846 - Yucatan	Sotuta
provinces	847 - Mixtec	Huasyacac
provinces	847 - Mixtec	Totopec
provinces	848 - Tohancapan	Tohancapan
provinces	849 - Tlapanec	Acapulco
provinces	85 - Koln	Köln
provinces	850 - Tlaxcala	Tlaxcala
provinces	851 - Tarasco	Tarasco
provinces	851 - Tarasco	Valladolid
provinces	852 - Mexico	Tenochtitlan
provinces	853 - Huastec	Huastec
provinces	854 - Sayultecas	Sayultecas
provinces	855 - Huichol	Huichol
provinces	856 - Zacatecas	Zacatecas
provinces	857 - Guachichil	Guachichil
provinces	857 - Guachichil	San Luis Potosi
provinces	858 - Tamaulipas	Tampico Alto
provinces	858 - Tamaulipas	Tamaulipas
provinces	859 - Sinaloa	Culiacán
provinces	859 - Sinaloa	Sinaloa
provinces	86 - Munster	Münster
provinces	860 - Tepehuan	Durango
provinces	860 - Tepehuan	Tepehuan
provinces	861 - Coahuila	Coahuila
provinces	861 - Coahuila	Monclova
provinces	862 - Yaqui	Yaqui
provinces	863 - Suma	Suma
provinces	864 - Concho	Chihuahua
provinces	864 - Concho	Concho
provinces	865 - Cochimi	Cochimi
provinces	866 - Guaycura	Loreto
provinces	866 - Guaycura	La Paz
provinces	866 - Guaycura	Guaycura
provinces	867 - Mojave	Cahuila
provinces	868 - Chumash	Chumash
provinces	869 - Salinan	Yerba Buena
provinces	869 - Salinan	Salinan
provinces	87 - Calais	Calais
provinces	870 - Yorkuts	Yorkuts
provinces	871 - Pomo	Pomo
provinces	872 - Kalapuya	Siuslaw
provinces	873 - Chinook	Chinook
provinces	874 - Salish	Salish
provinces	875 - Canyon	Canyon
provinces	876 - Yavapai	Yavapai
provinces	877 - Pima	Pima
provinces	878 - Navajo	Navajo
provinces	879 - Apache	Apache
provinces	88 - Artois	Lille
provinces	88 - Artois	Arras
provinces	880 - Pueblo	Ohkay Owingeh
provinces	880 - Pueblo	Santa Fe
provinces	881 - Piro	Teypana
provinces	882 - Mescalero	Mescalero
provinces	883 - Lipan	Lipan
provinces	884 - Karankawa	Karankawa
provinces	885 - Comanche	Comanche
provinces	886 - Waco	Waco
provinces	887 - Tonkawa	Tonkawa
provinces	888 - Atakapa	Atakapa
provinces	888 - Atakapa	Los Adaes
provinces	889 - Arapaho	Arapaho
provinces	89 - Picardie	Amiens
provinces	890 - Kiowa	Kiowa
provinces	891 - Jicarilla	Jicarilla
provinces	892 - Wichita	Wichita
provinces	893 - Chitimacha	La Nouvelle-Orléans
provinces	893 - Chitimacha	Chitimacha
provinces	894 - Caddo	Caddo
provinces	895 - Arkansas	Arkansas
provinces	896 - Ozark	Ozark
provinces	897 - Quapaw	Quapaw
provinces	898 - Kansas	Kansas
provinces	899 - Osage	Pahatsi
provinces	9-Halsingland	Gävle
provinces	90 - Vlaanderen	Brugge
provinces	900 - Tamaroa	Tamaroa
provinces	900 - Tamaroa	Saint Louis
provinces	901 - Pawnee	Pawnee
provinces	902 - Missouri	Missouri
provinces	902 - Missouri	Saint Louis
provinces	903 - Omaha	Omaha
provinces	904 - Nakota	Nakota
provinces	905 - Iowa	Iowa
provinces	906 - Lakota	Lakota
provinces	907 - Dakota	Dakota
provinces	908 - Minnesota	Dakota
provinces	909 - Mandan	Mandan
provinces	91 - Hainaut	Mons
provinces	910 - Chippewa	Makoua
provinces	911 - Menominee	Menominee
provinces	912 - Sauk	Sauk
provinces	913 - Fox	Fox
provinces	914 - Winnebago	Winnebago
provinces	915 - Illinois	Illinois
provinces	916 - Kaskaskia	Kaskaskia
provinces	917 - Cahokia	Cahokia
provinces	918 - Tennessee	Tennessee
provinces	919 - Chickasaw	Chickasaw
provinces	92 - Brabant	Brussel
provinces	920 - Choctaw	Choctaw
provinces	921 - Bayougoula	Bayougoula
provinces	922 - Mobile	Mobile
provinces	923 - Pensacola	Pensacola
provinces	924 - Alabama	Alabama
provinces	925 - Tuskegee	Tuskegee
provinces	926 - Seminole	Seminole
provinces	927 - Timucua	Fort Caroline
provinces	927 - Timucua	St. Augustine
provinces	927 - Timucua	Timucua
provinces	928 - Apalachee	Apalachee
provinces	928 - Apalachee	Tallahassee
provinces	929 - Muskogee	Savannah
provinces	929 - Muskogee	Milledgeville
provinces	929 - Muskogee	Guale
provinces	93 - Liege	Liège
provinces	930 - Yamasee	Yamasee
provinces	931 - Chiaha	Chiaha
provinces	932 - Santee	Charlestown
provinces	932 - Santee	Santee
provinces	932 - Santee	Charleston
provinces	933 - Catawba	Charlotte
provinces	933 - Catawba	Catawba
provinces	934 - Shawnee	Shawnee
provinces	935 - Cherokee	Cherokee
provinces	936 - Cheraw	Cheraw
provinces	937 - Tuscarora	Tuscarora
provinces	938 - Pamlico	Pamlico
provinces	939 - Pennyrile	Pennyrile
provinces	94 - Luxemburg	Luxemburg
provinces	940 - Kentucky	Kentucky
provinces	941 - Cumberland	Cumberland
provinces	941 - Cumberland	Jonesboro
provinces	942 - Wea	Wea
provinces	943 - Miami	Miami
provinces	944 - Potawatomi	Potawatomi
provinces	945 - Michigan	Michigan
provinces	946 - Wyandot	Wyandot
provinces	947 - Erie	Erie
provinces	947 - Erie	Cleveland
provinces	948 - Ohio	Chillicothe
provinces	948 - Ohio	Ohio
provinces	948 - Ohio	Zanesville
provinces	948 - Ohio	Columbus
provinces	949 - Monacan	Monacan
provinces	95 - Breda	Breda
provinces	95 - Breda	's Hertogenbosch
provinces	950 - Powhatan	Richmond
provinces	950 - Powhatan	Williamsburg
provinces	950 - Powhatan	Chesapeake
provinces	950 - Powhatan	Jamestown
provinces	950 - Powhatan	Detroit
provinces	951 - Kanawha	Fort Blair
provinces	951 - Kanawha	Kanawha
provinces	952 - Powhatan	Richmond
provinces	952 - Powhatan	Powhatan
provinces	953 - Conoy	Baltimore
provinces	953 - Conoy	St. Mary's City
provinces	953 - Conoy	Conoy
provinces	953 - Conoy	Washington
provinces	954 - Allegheny	Allegheny
provinces	955 - Susquehanna	Harrisburg
provinces	955 - Susquehanna	Susquehanna
provinces	956 - Lenape	Philadelphia
provinces	956 - Lenape	Lenape
provinces	957 - Delaware	Wilmington
provinces	957 - Delaware	Delaware
provinces	958 - Seneca	Seneca
provinces	959 - Cayuga	Cayuga
provinces	96 - Zeeland	Middelburg
provinces	960 - Onondaga	Onondaga
provinces	961 - Oneida	Oneida
provinces	962 - Unami	Unami
provinces	962 - Unami	Trenton
provinces	962 - Unami	Nya Elfsborg
provinces	963 - Mahican	Mahican
provinces	963 - Mahican	Albany
provinces	964 - Mohawk	Mohawk
provinces	965 - Manhattan	New York
provinces	965 - Manhattan	New Orange
provinces	965 - Manhattan	Manhattan
provinces	965 - Manhattan	New Amsterdam
provinces	966 - Nipmuc	Agawam
provinces	966 - Nipmuc	Springfield
provinces	966 - Nipmuc	Nipmuc
provinces	967 - Narraganset	Providence
provinces	967 - Narraganset	Narraganset
provinces	968 - Massachusetts	Boston
provinces	968 - Massachusetts	Gloucester
provinces	968 - Massachusetts	Salem
provinces	968 - Massachusetts	Massachusetts
provinces	969 - Pocumtuk	Pocumtuk
provinces	97 - Holland	Amsterdam
provinces	97 - Holland	birthplace_of_global_trade
provinces	970 - Pennacook	Merrimack
provinces	970 - Pennacook	Portsmouth
provinces	970 - Pennacook	Casco
provinces	971 - Abnaki	Bangor
provinces	971 - Abnaki	Condeskeag
provinces	971 - Abnaki	Abnaki
provinces	972 - Nootka	Nootka
provinces	973 - Squamish	Squamish
provinces	974 - Kwakiutl	Kwakiutl
provinces	975 - Tsimshian	Tsimshian
provinces	976 - Tlingit	Tlingit
provinces	977 - Yakutat	Yakutat
provinces	978 - Alaska	Alaska
provinces	979 - Aleut	Aleut
provinces	98 - Utrecht	Utrecht
provinces	980 - Beothuk	St. John
provinces	980 - Beothuk	Beothuk
provinces	980 - Beothuk	grand_bank_fisheries
provinces	981 - Taqamkuk	Taqamkuk
provinces	981 - Taqamkuk	grand_bank_fisheries
provinces	982 - Unamakik	Unamakik
provinces	982 - Unamakik	Louisbourg
provinces	983 - Epekwitk	Epekwitk
provinces	983 - Epekwitk	Charlottetown
provinces	984 - Acadia	Sipeknekatik
provinces	985 - Micmac	Micmac
provinces	986 - Kespek	Kespek
provinces	987 - Niagara	Niagara
provinces	988 - Huron	Huron
provinces	989 - Ontario	Ontario
provinces	989 - Ontario	York
provinces	99 - Gelre	Arnhem
provinces	990 - Kwedech	Kwedech
provinces	991 - Ottawa	Nipissing
provinces	992 - Algonquin	Algonquin
provinces	993 - Hochelega	Montréal
provinces	993 - Hochelega	Hochelega
provinces	994 - Stadacona	Québec
provinces	994 - Stadacona	Stadacona
provinces	995 - Atiamekw	Tadoussac
provinces	996 - Innu	Innu
provinces	997 - Labrador	Labrador
provinces	998 - Ungava	Ungava
provinces	998 - Ungava	Fort Richmond
provinces	999 - Nunavik	Eastmain Post
provinces	999 - Nunavik	Nunavik
province_names	ainu	Peni'un'kur
province_names	ainu	Menas'un'kur
province_names	ainu	Ho'rep'asi'un'kur
province_names	ainu	Sum'un'kur
province_names	andalucian	Baladu-Walid
province_names	andalucian	Mayurqa
province_names	andalucian	Lixbuna
province_names	andalucian	Qadis
province_names	andalucian	Arbouna
province_names	andalucian	al-Adna
province_names	andalucian	Qurtuba
province_names	andalucian	Saraqusa
province_names	andalucian	Banbaluna
province_names	andalucian	Medina Laqant
province_names	andalucian	Al-Mansha
province_names	andalucian	Salmanika
province_names	andalucian	Balarm
province_names	andalucian	Garnatah al-Jadida
province_names	andalucian	Qila
province_names	andalucian	Madinat Salim
province_names	andalucian	Saraqusta
province_names	andalucian	Jayyan
province_names	andalucian	Burtuqal
province_names	andalucian	Garundah
province_names	andalucian	Marriya
province_names	andalucian	Susa
province_names	andalucian	Majrit
province_names	andalucian	Liyun
province_names	andalucian	Tirwal
province_names	andalucian	Baja
province_names	andalucian	Shilb
province_names	andalucian	El-Belat
province_names	andalucian	Qulumriya
province_names	andalucian	Isbiliya
province_names	andalucian	Jabal Tariq
province_names	andalucian	Sebtah
province_names	andalucian	Balansiyah
province_names	andalucian	Mursiya
province_names	andalucian	Batalyaws
province_names	andalucian	Tulaytullah
province_names	andalucian	Massina
province_names	andalucian	Tolosha
province_names	andalucian	Qunka
province_names	andalucian	Shant Yakub
province_names	andalucian	Tarrakunah
province_names	andalucian	Barshaluna
province_names	andalucian	Garnatah
province_names	andalucian	Wasqah
province_names	basque	Borboierria
province_names	basque	Puerto Rico
province_names	basque	Kordoba
province_names	basque	Pirinioak
province_names	basque	Luxenburgo
province_names	basque	Kantabria
province_names	basque	Provença
province_names	basque	Sevilla
province_names	basque	Rosselló
province_names	basque	Valentzia
province_names	basque	Bizkaia
province_names	basque	Leon
province_names	basque	Borgoina
province_names	basque	Asturias
province_names	basque	Mantua
province_names	basque	Savoia
province_names	basque	Gaztela Zaharra
province_names	basque	Algarbe
province_names	basque	Lengadòc
province_names	basque	Dofinerria
province_names	basque	Florentzia
province_names	basque	Kanariak
province_names	basque	Lapurdi
province_names	basque	Azoreak
province_names	basque	Sardinia
province_names	basque	Bragantza
province_names	basque	Pikardia
province_names	basque	Normandia
province_names	basque	Niza
province_names	basque	Erroma
province_names	basque	Balearrak
province_names	basque	Lyonerria
province_names	basque	Lieja
province_names	basque	Madril
province_names	basque	Korsika
province_names	basque	Bearno
province_names	basque	Aragoi
province_names	basque	Murtzia
province_names	basque	Nafarroa
province_names	basque	Lorrena
province_names	basque	Galizia
province_names	basque	Bartzelona
province_names	basque	Lukania
province_names	basque	Auvernia
province_names	basque	Orleanerria
province_names	basque	Tolosa
province_names	basque	Guiena
province_names	basque	Armañac
province_names	basque	Xanpaina
province_names	berber	Trables
province_names	berber	Wehran
province_names	berber	Tala Imsan
province_names	berber	Tamurt Leqbayel
province_names	BPI	Fuman
province_names	british	St. John
province_names	british	Fort Alexandria
province_names	british	Edmonton
province_names	british	Buffalo
province_names	british	Cape Girardeau
province_names	british	Ecore Fabre
province_names	british	Gaspe
province_names	british	Three Rivers
province_names	british	Fort Albany
province_names	british	Chagos
province_names	british	Baghdad
province_names	british	Albany
province_names	british	Great Forks
province_names	british	Memphis
province_names	british	Qena
province_names	british	Fort Smith
province_names	british	Baton Rouge
province_names	british	Moncton
province_names	british	Wemotaci
province_names	british	Pittsburgh
province_names	british	Castine
province_names	british	Prairie du Chien
province_names	british	Mackinac
province_names	british	Rochester
province_names	british	Grand Rapids
province_names	british	Fort Jackson
province_names	british	Nablus
province_names	british	Blue Ridge
province_names	british	Toronto
province_names	british	Dauphin
province_names	british	Jasper
province_names	british	Ronde
province_names	british	Ticonderoga
province_names	british	Red River
province_names	british	Charlotte
province_names	british	Minnesota
province_names	british	Berens River
province_names	british	Derna
province_names	british	Damietta
province_names	british	Severn
province_names	british	West Branch
province_names	british	Mecatina
province_names	british	Fidius
province_names	british	Porto Rico
province_names	british	York Factory
province_names	british	White Mountains
province_names	british	Harrodstown
province_names	british	Fundy
province_names	british	Walvis Bay
province_names	british	Mosul
province_names	british	St. Louis
province_names	british	Sault Ste. Marie
province_names	british	Sandusky
province_names	british	Jerusalem
province_names	british	Aden
province_names	british	Schenectady
province_names	british	Green Bay
province_names	british	Watauga
province_names	british	Fort Madison
province_names	british	Little Rock
province_names	british	Ozarks
province_names	british	Overmountain
province_names	british	Eastmain
province_names	british	Astoria
province_names	british	Lexington
province_names	british	Rhode Island
province_names	british	Shenandoah
province_names	british	Cairo
province_names	british	New River
province_names	british	Traverse
province_names	british	Charleston
province_names	british	Savannah
province_names	british	Thunder Bay
province_names	british	Ottawa
province_names	british	Cape Ray
province_names	british	Fort Rupert
province_names	british	Oswego
province_names	british	Casco
province_names	british	Alexandria
province_names	british	Maryland
province_names	british	Cape Fear
province_names	british	Peoria
province_names	british	Vincennes
province_names	british	Huntsville
province_names	british	Long Bay
province_names	british	Red Lake
province_names	british	Aleppo
province_names	british	Benghazi
province_names	british	Augusta
province_names	british	Little Egypt
province_names	british	Bennington
province_names	british	Paducah
province_names	british	Dunvegan
province_names	british	Mille Lacs
province_names	british	Catskills
province_names	british	South Branch
province_names	british	Suez
province_names	british	Fort Stanwix
province_names	british	Pearsall
province_names	british	Detroit
province_names	british	Moose Factory
province_names	british	New Orleans
province_names	british	New York
province_names	british	Cloche
province_names	british	Les Cedres
province_names	british	Simcoe
province_names	british	Rappahannock
province_names	british	Baltimore
province_names	british	The Pas
province_names	british	James River
province_names	british	Nain
province_names	british	Prince George
province_names	british	Upper Peninsula
province_names	british	Quebec
province_names	british	Bardia
province_names	british	Vermont
province_names	british	Fort Richmond
province_names	british	Plymouth
province_names	british	Antioch
province_names	british	New Hampshire
province_names	british	Rosetta
province_names	british	Seven Islands
province_names	british	Cincinnati
province_names	british	Grand River
province_names	british	Nottawasaga
province_names	british	Montreal
province_names	british	Philadelphia
province_names	british	Beaufort
province_names	british	Avalon
province_names	british	Indiana
province_names	british	Damascus
province_names	british	Fort St. John
province_names	british	Wyoming Valley
province_names	british	Louisville
province_names	british	Gaza
province_names	british	Rimouski
province_names	british	Frederick
province_names	british	Shuswap
province_names	british	Ile a la Crosse
province_names	british	Chattanooga
province_names	british	Halifax
province_names	british	Berkshires
province_names	british	Gaines
province_names	british	Vancouver
province_names	british	Campbelton
province_names	british	Hull
province_names	british	Sioux Post
province_names	british	Peachtree
province_names	british	Cleveland
province_names	british	Charlottesville
province_names	british	Memphremagog
province_names	british	Cape Breton
province_names	british	Lake of the Woods
province_names	british	Saginaw
province_names	british	Cape Sable
province_names	british	Vermillion
province_names	british	Nashborough
province_names	british	New Haven
province_names	british	Manitoulin
province_names	british	Ontario
province_names	british	Churchill
province_names	british	Kootenai
province_names	british	Massachusetts
province_names	british	Prince Edward Isl.
province_names	british	Keowee
province_names	british	Keene
province_names	british	Council Bluff
province_names	burmese	Mawlamyine
province_names	burmese	Kalaymyo
province_names	burmese	Mobye
province_names	burmese	Theinni
province_names	burmese	Dawei
province_names	burmese	Myeik
province_names	burmese	Thandwe
province_names	burmese	Mogaung
province_names	burmese	Kyaingtong
province_names	burmese	Mohnyin
province_names	burmese	Putao
province_names	burmese	Mone
province_names	burmese	Thibaw
province_names	castillian	San Galo
province_names	castillian	Paso del Norte
province_names	castillian	San Luis Potosi
province_names	castillian	La Bahia
province_names	castillian	Grisonia
province_names	castillian	Jaén
province_names	castillian	Rosellón
province_names	castillian	Coímbra
province_names	castillian	Negros
province_names	castillian	Guyena
province_names	castillian	Saboya
province_names	castillian	Llano Estacado
province_names	castillian	Brabante
province_names	castillian	San Agustin
province_names	castillian	San Salvador
province_names	castillian	Gante
province_names	castillian	Cerdeña
province_names	castillian	Mazatlan
province_names	castillian	San Diego
province_names	castillian	Mantua
province_names	castillian	Prusia Oriental
province_names	castillian	Almería
province_names	castillian	Chihuahua
province_names	castillian	Granada
province_names	castillian	Nápoles
province_names	castillian	Frisia oriental
province_names	castillian	Lorena
province_names	castillian	Alicante
province_names	castillian	Nuevo Madrid
province_names	castillian	Lombardía
province_names	castillian	Núremberg
province_names	castillian	Muñiste
province_names	castillian	Luxemburgo
province_names	castillian	Monterrey
province_names	castillian	Brunswick
province_names	castillian	Colonia
province_names	castillian	La Sabana
province_names	castillian	Lenguadoc
province_names	castillian	Champaña
province_names	castillian	Loreto
province_names	castillian	Mariemburgo
province_names	castillian	Los Adaes
province_names	castillian	Pomerania Occidental
province_names	castillian	Labort
province_names	castillian	Alsacia
province_names	castillian	Pomerania Oriental
province_names	castillian	Puerto Caballos
province_names	castillian	Gerona
province_names	castillian	Laredo
province_names	castillian	Nuevo Leon
province_names	castillian	El Paso
province_names	castillian	Isla de Francia
province_names	castillian	Brema
province_names	castillian	Maguncia
province_names	castillian	Hamburgo
province_names	castillian	Condado Venaissin
province_names	castillian	Aragón
province_names	castillian	Armañac
province_names	castillian	Sajonia
province_names	castillian	Limburgo
province_names	castillian	Tréveris
province_names	castillian	Gorizia
province_names	castillian	Huetamo
province_names	castillian	Provenza
province_names	castillian	Coblenza
province_names	castillian	Trento
province_names	castillian	Constanza
province_names	castillian	Saltillo
province_names	castillian	Oporto
province_names	castillian	Durango
province_names	castillian	Veracruz
province_names	castillian	Piamonte
province_names	castillian	Romaña
province_names	castillian	Cádiz
province_names	castillian	Niza
province_names	castillian	Los Nogales
province_names	castillian	Mayaca
province_names	castillian	Fráncfort
province_names	castillian	Utreque
province_names	castillian	Abruzos
province_names	castillian	Lemosín
province_names	castillian	Santo Domingo
province_names	castillian	Pirineos
province_names	castillian	Salzburgo
province_names	castillian	Tegesta
province_names	castillian	Henao
province_names	castillian	Los Tejas
province_names	castillian	Tolosa
province_names	castillian	Luneburgo
province_names	castillian	Auvernia
province_names	castillian	Baja Lusacia
province_names	castillian	Zúrich
province_names	castillian	Barancas
province_names	castillian	Aceite
province_names	castillian	Hanóver
province_names	castillian	San Saba
province_names	castillian	Florencia
province_names	castillian	Delfinado
province_names	castillian	Toluca
province_names	castillian	Socorro
province_names	castillian	Sevilla
province_names	castillian	Mesina
province_names	castillian	Picardía
province_names	castillian	Santa Elena
province_names	castillian	Berna
province_names	castillian	Dánzig
province_names	castillian	Tegucigalpa
province_names	castillian	Palatinado
province_names	castillian	Hesse
province_names	castillian	Poitú
province_names	castillian	Viena
province_names	castillian	Baja California
province_names	castillian	Alenzón
province_names	castillian	Orleanesado
province_names	castillian	Vestfalia
province_names	castillian	Santa Barbara
province_names	castillian	Múnich
province_names	castillian	Galvezton
province_names	castillian	Tucson
province_names	castillian	Rio Grande
province_names	castillian	Frisia
province_names	castillian	Bearne
province_names	castillian	Estiria
province_names	castillian	Comayagua
province_names	castillian	Holanda
province_names	castillian	Lieja
province_names	castillian	Mecklemburgo
province_names	castillian	Oldemburgo
province_names	castillian	Braganza
province_names	castillian	Augsburgo
province_names	castillian	San Francisco
province_names	castillian	Tepic
province_names	castillian	Murcia
province_names	castillian	Cadron
province_names	castillian	Baleares
province_names	castillian	Zelanda
province_names	castillian	Valencia
province_names	castillian	Trujillo
province_names	castillian	Gibraltar
province_names	castillian	Aquisgrán
province_names	castillian	Brandeburgo
province_names	castillian	Los Ais
province_names	castillian	Puerto Rico
province_names	castillian	Normandía
province_names	castillian	Alto Palatinado
province_names	castillian	Cucurpe
province_names	castillian	Lipsia
province_names	castillian	Flandes
province_names	castillian	Azores
province_names	castillian	Borgoña
province_names	castillian	Lauenburgo
province_names	castillian	San Luis
province_names	castillian	Carintia
province_names	castillian	San Antonio
province_names	castillian	Franco Condado
province_names	castillian	Anjeo
province_names	castillian	Cúneo
province_names	castillian	Tepeaca
province_names	castillian	Puebla
province_names	castillian	Módena
province_names	castillian	Azua
province_names	castillian	Waldstätten
province_names	castillian	Venecia
province_names	castillian	Misuri
province_names	castillian	Córdoba
province_names	castillian	Borbonés
province_names	castillian	Lionese
province_names	castillian	Santa Fe
province_names	castillian	Ensenada
province_names	castillian	Cartago
province_names	castillian	Los Angeles
province_names	castillian	Antuerpia
province_names	castillian	Córcega
province_names	castillian	Alta Lusacia
province_names	castillian	Baja Baviera
province_names	castillian	Sonora
province_names	castillian	Ruergüe
province_names	castillian	Puerto Plata
province_names	castillian	Carniola
province_names	castillian	Güeldres
province_names	castillian	Rio Bravo
province_names	castillian	Wurzburgo
province_names	castillian	Turingia
province_names	castillian	Varmia
province_names	castillian	Artesia
province_names	castillian	Brisgovia
province_names	central_algonquian	Kebek
province_names	central_algonquian	Mississage
province_names	central_thai	Chiang Tung
province_names	central_thai	Chiang Taeng
province_names	central_thai	Thawai
province_names	central_thai	Saen Wi
province_names	central_thai	Marit
province_names	chihan	Zhanbasai
province_names	chihan	Xianli
province_names	chihan	Luoyong
province_names	chihan	Jilandan
province_names	chihan	Ganmeng
province_names	chihan	Jiangyuan
province_names	chihan	Wudong
province_names	chihan	Lepi
province_names	chihan	Jingdong
province_names	chihan	Qinglai
province_names	chihan	Shangding
province_names	chihan	Qingmai
province_names	chihan	Suketai
province_names	chihan	Chuantong
province_names	chihan	Yi'an
province_names	chihan	Dacheng
province_names	chihan	Shijie
province_names	chihan	Foshi
province_names	chihan	Nan
province_names	chihan	Bintonglong
province_names	chihan	Luokun
province_names	chihan	Xigong
province_names	chihan	Guangnan
province_names	chihan	Mengnai
province_names	chihan	Qin
province_names	chihan	Mubang
province_names	chihan	Shunhua
province_names	chihan	Keqin
province_names	chihan	Kele
province_names	chihan	Hancheng
province_names	chihan	Yuebei
province_names	chihan	Qingshang
province_names	chihan	Wacheng
province_names	chihan	Xianjin
province_names	chihan	Dongguan
province_names	chihan	Dani
province_names	chihan	Wanxiang
province_names	chihan	Ping'an
province_names	chihan	Dongyu
province_names	chihan	Zhongqing
province_names	chihan	Huanghai
province_names	chihan	Chuankuang
province_names	chihan	Quanluo
province_names	croatian	Nica
province_names	croatian	Tesalija
province_names	croatian	Carigrad
province_names	croatian	Temishvar
province_names	croatian	Bosna
province_names	croatian	Cikladi
province_names	croatian	Saratov
province_names	croatian	Rod
province_names	croatian	Cipar
province_names	croatian	Milano
province_names	croatian	Vratislavija
province_names	croatian	Tambov
province_names	croatian	Oltenija
province_names	croatian	Litva
province_names	croatian	Spish
province_names	croatian	Flandrija
province_names	croatian	Shopron
province_names	croatian	Voronjez
province_names	croatian	Livonija
province_names	croatian	Harkiv
province_names	croatian	Crna Gora
province_names	croatian	Atina
province_names	croatian	Veliki Varadin
province_names	croatian	Volinj
province_names	croatian	Galic
province_names	croatian	Sofija
province_names	croatian	Apulija
province_names	croatian	Pikardija
province_names	croatian	Luksemburg
province_names	croatian	Furlanija
province_names	croatian	Drinopolje
province_names	croatian	Genova
province_names	croatian	Istra
province_names	croatian	Jedisan
province_names	croatian	Cernjihiv
province_names	croatian	Prag
province_names	croatian	Zeland
province_names	croatian	Holandija
province_names	croatian	Kranjska
province_names	croatian	Vojvodina
province_names	croatian	Pijemont
province_names	croatian	Trident
province_names	croatian	Gdanjsk
province_names	croatian	Napulj
province_names	croatian	Krim
province_names	croatian	Dalmacija
province_names	croatian	Skoplje
province_names	croatian	Latgalija
province_names	croatian	Plzen
province_names	croatian	Rim
province_names	croatian	Varazdin
province_names	croatian	Brjansk
province_names	croatian	shtajerska
province_names	croatian	Korushka
province_names	croatian	Trnovo
province_names	croatian	Kalabrija
province_names	croatian	Dubrovnik
province_names	croatian	Samogitija
province_names	croatian	Solun
province_names	croatian	Zaporoshka
province_names	croatian	Epir
province_names	croatian	Drastar
province_names	croatian	Peshta
province_names	croatian	Krf
province_names	croatian	Frizija
province_names	croatian	Firenca
province_names	croatian	Trgovishte
province_names	croatian	Koshice
province_names	croatian	Krakov
province_names	croatian	Kijev
province_names	croatian	Azov
province_names	croatian	Nish
province_names	croatian	Moldavija
province_names	croatian	Bec
province_names	croatian	Moreja
province_names	croatian	Estonija
province_names	croatian	Rjazan
province_names	croatian	Normandija
province_names	croatian	Kreta
province_names	croatian	Pariz
province_names	croatian	Mleci
province_names	croatian	Mogiljov
province_names	croatian	Srijem
province_names	czech	Cernihiv
province_names	czech	Premysl
province_names	czech	Trhoviste
province_names	czech	Rím
province_names	czech	Jerevan
province_names	czech	An-cching
province_names	czech	Lutych
province_names	czech	Sinaj
province_names	czech	Lipsko
province_names	czech	Bermudy
province_names	czech	Braslav
province_names	czech	Tchien-suej
province_names	czech	Oldenburk
province_names	czech	Baleáry
province_names	czech	Fidzi
province_names	czech	Sandomer
province_names	czech	Galície
province_names	czech	Namíbie
province_names	czech	Dalmacie
province_names	czech	Siang-jang
province_names	czech	Linec
province_names	czech	Postupim
province_names	czech	Fu-jang
province_names	czech	Mety
province_names	czech	Kuej-jang
province_names	czech	Si-an
province_names	czech	Sofie
province_names	czech	Ti-nan
province_names	czech	Pao-ting
province_names	czech	Savojsko
province_names	czech	Lisabon
province_names	czech	Raska
province_names	czech	Wittenberk
province_names	czech	Peprové pobrezí
province_names	czech	Charkov
province_names	czech	Bengálská delta
province_names	czech	Cheb
province_names	czech	Kyjev
province_names	czech	Marrakés
province_names	czech	Severie
province_names	czech	Mauricius
province_names	czech	Nová Kaledonie
province_names	czech	Andamany
province_names	czech	Syrakusy
province_names	czech	Jang-cou
province_names	czech	Karélie
province_names	czech	Ccheng-te
province_names	czech	Peking
province_names	czech	Fojtsko
province_names	czech	Dolní Doab
province_names	czech	Cen-tiang
province_names	czech	Maruse
province_names	czech	Ortelsburk
province_names	czech	Thesálie
province_names	czech	Feng-jang
province_names	czech	Vlámsko
province_names	czech	Jamajka
province_names	czech	Rudohori
province_names	czech	Portoriko
province_names	czech	Mikronésie
province_names	czech	Jizní Kanara
province_names	czech	Furlansko
province_names	czech	Zlaté pobrezí
province_names	czech	Changthang
province_names	czech	Neapol
province_names	czech	Podlesí
province_names	czech	Asturie
province_names	czech	Stara Marka
province_names	czech	Lan-cou
province_names	czech	Rzev
province_names	czech	Lauenburk
province_names	czech	Tin-chua
province_names	czech	Limburk
province_names	czech	Londýn
province_names	czech	Vilno
province_names	czech	Kamerun
province_names	czech	Frísko
province_names	czech	Zikace
province_names	czech	Hamburk
province_names	czech	Praha
province_names	czech	Nan-jang
province_names	czech	Gambierovy ostrovy
province_names	czech	Oltenie
province_names	czech	Lyon
province_names	czech	Chuej-cou
province_names	czech	Dolní Don
province_names	czech	Sternberk
province_names	czech	Slupsk
province_names	czech	Voronez
province_names	czech	Bagdád
province_names	czech	Brunej
province_names	czech	Zmud
province_names	czech	Svatý Martin
province_names	czech	Sang-cchiou
province_names	czech	Kolobreh
province_names	czech	Dzerba
province_names	czech	Albánie
province_names	czech	Jizní Konkan
province_names	czech	Bremy
province_names	czech	Antverpy
province_names	czech	Bamberk
province_names	czech	Ostroda
province_names	czech	Umbrie
province_names	czech	Ti-an
province_names	czech	Achaja
province_names	czech	Che-fej
province_names	czech	Tarnov
province_names	czech	Mohylev
province_names	czech	Hesensko
province_names	czech	Svatý Vincent
province_names	czech	Kantabrie
province_names	czech	Martinik
province_names	czech	I-cchang
province_names	czech	Curych
province_names	czech	Wen-cou
province_names	czech	Bahamy
province_names	czech	Zapadní Berar
province_names	czech	Si-ning
province_names	czech	Alexandrie
province_names	czech	Káhira
province_names	czech	Tanger
province_names	czech	Maskat
province_names	czech	Západní Tunguska
province_names	czech	Slesvicko
province_names	czech	Normandie
province_names	czech	Athény
province_names	czech	Gilbertovy ostrovy
province_names	czech	Mnichov
province_names	czech	Orkneje
province_names	czech	Abcházie
province_names	czech	Cching-cou
province_names	czech	Badensko
province_names	czech	Kjoto
province_names	czech	Jeruzalém
province_names	czech	Lucembursko
province_names	czech	Holstynsko
province_names	czech	Ajgun
province_names	czech	Severní Kanara
province_names	czech	Drázdany
province_names	czech	Gorice
province_names	czech	Rovné
province_names	czech	Faerske ostrovy
province_names	czech	Horni Doab
province_names	czech	Shetlandy
province_names	czech	Klévsko
province_names	czech	Nan-nin
province_names	czech	Styrsky Hradec
province_names	czech	Istrie
province_names	czech	Kamcatka
province_names	czech	Mys
province_names	czech	Horní Luzice
province_names	czech	Solnohrad
province_names	czech	Malbork
province_names	czech	Pching-liang
province_names	czech	Dolní Kraj
province_names	czech	Geldern
province_names	czech	Korutany
province_names	czech	Dillí
province_names	czech	Zapadní ostrovy
province_names	czech	Bosna
province_names	czech	Rakusy
province_names	czech	Jen-an
province_names	czech	Cheng-jang
province_names	czech	Rhodos
province_names	czech	Svatá Lucie
province_names	czech	Presporok
province_names	czech	Su-cou
province_names	czech	Horní Svabsko
province_names	czech	Bahrajn
province_names	czech	Koblenc
province_names	czech	Armanak
province_names	czech	Strubina
province_names	czech	Komory
province_names	czech	Kolín
province_names	czech	Mosambik
province_names	czech	Cchung-cching
province_names	czech	Kuej-lin
province_names	czech	Marshallovy ostrovy
province_names	czech	Kanton
province_names	czech	Maledivy
province_names	czech	Cchang-sa
province_names	czech	Východní Frísko
province_names	czech	Galapágy
province_names	czech	Varsava
province_names	czech	Chlumno
province_names	czech	Devín
province_names	czech	Nová Marka
province_names	czech	Zeland
province_names	czech	Azory
province_names	czech	Pobrezí Slonoviny
province_names	czech	Trident
province_names	czech	Víden
province_names	czech	Havaj
province_names	czech	Tyrolsko
province_names	czech	Drinopol
province_names	czech	Carihrad
province_names	czech	Nové Zámky
province_names	czech	Janov
province_names	czech	Svatý Tomás
province_names	czech	Svatý Krystof
province_names	czech	Trevír
province_names	czech	Záhreb
province_names	czech	Korfu
province_names	czech	Orleán
province_names	czech	Moldávie
province_names	czech	Sen-jang
province_names	czech	Dubrovnik
province_names	czech	Hlohov
province_names	czech	Biskajsko
province_names	czech	Valais
province_names	czech	Dolní Novgorod
province_names	czech	Mogadisu
province_names	czech	Valencie
province_names	czech	Ccheng-tu
province_names	czech	Besarábie
province_names	czech	Damasek
province_names	czech	Korsika
province_names	czech	Auspurk
province_names	czech	Svaty Havel
province_names	czech	Troky
province_names	czech	Rezno
province_names	czech	Ta-ming
province_names	czech	Novy Sadec
province_names	czech	Klajpeda
province_names	czech	Východní Tunguska
province_names	czech	Kalábrie
province_names	czech	Kypr
province_names	czech	Nan-cchang
province_names	czech	Falc
province_names	czech	Spolecenské ostrovy
province_names	czech	Rjazan
province_names	czech	Chamdo
province_names	czech	Gent
province_names	czech	Pariz
province_names	czech	Královec
province_names	czech	Nasavsko
province_names	czech	Varmie
province_names	czech	Zapadní Timor
province_names	czech	Antiochie
province_names	czech	Pchu-er
province_names	czech	Svatá Helena
province_names	czech	Lubek
province_names	czech	Cerkasy
province_names	czech	Gdansk
province_names	czech	Chan-cung
province_names	czech	Falklandy
province_names	czech	Cachy
province_names	czech	Kan-cou
province_names	czech	Durynsko
province_names	czech	Horni Falc
province_names	czech	Norimberk
province_names	czech	Katar
province_names	czech	Roztoky
province_names	czech	Severní Konkan
province_names	czech	Stetin
province_names	czech	Kanáry
province_names	czech	Volyn
province_names	czech	Fu-cou
province_names	czech	Kokosový ostrov
province_names	czech	Vratislav
province_names	czech	Slavonie
province_names	czech	Ting-cou
province_names	czech	Lvov
province_names	czech	Svobodné hrabství
province_names	czech	Jarkend
province_names	czech	Pikardie
province_names	czech	Luo-jang
province_names	czech	Feodosija
province_names	czech	Mitava
province_names	czech	Nanking
province_names	czech	Brunsvik
province_names	czech	Cang-jie
province_names	czech	Kransko
province_names	czech	Vychodní Berar
province_names	czech	Mohuc
province_names	czech	Provensálsko
province_names	czech	Chuaj-an
province_names	czech	Vircpurk
province_names	czech	Sachalin
province_names	czech	Varazdin
province_names	czech	Henegavsko
province_names	czech	Benátky
province_names	czech	Burgundsko
province_names	czech	Ning-sia
province_names	czech	Halic
province_names	czech	Makedonie
province_names	czech	Jizní Georgie
province_names	czech	Li-tiang
province_names	czech	Kalis
province_names	czech	Velikonocní ostrov
province_names	czech	Stýrsko
province_names	czech	Ning-po
province_names	czech	Vestfalsko
province_names	czech	Vánocní ostrov
province_names	czech	Kréta
province_names	czech	Dolni Luzice
province_names	czech	Macao
province_names	czech	Kurily
province_names	czech	Holandsko
province_names	czech	Jaroslavl
province_names	czech	Kapverdy
province_names	czech	Krakov
province_names	czech	Srbsko
province_names	czech	Chang-cou
province_names	czech	Liou-cou
province_names	czech	Gaskonsko
province_names	czech	Po-cou
province_names	czech	Kchaj-feng
province_names	czech	Sokotra
province_names	czech	Florencie
province_names	czech	Ta-tchung
province_names	czech	Lotrinsko
province_names	czech	Strední Doab
province_names	czech	Salamounovy ostrovy
province_names	czech	Alsasko
province_names	danish	Netzeland
province_names	danish	Aaland
province_names	danish	Zansjibar
province_names	danish	Lentschiza
province_names	danish	Mokadischu
province_names	danish	Antâki
province_names	danish	Bagdád
province_names	danish	Maskát
province_names	danish	Gnesen
province_names	danish	Værmeland
province_names	danish	Jâmbo
province_names	danish	Finmarken
province_names	danish	Ditmersken
province_names	danish	Seide
province_names	danish	Plozk
province_names	danish	Culm
province_names	danish	Ørkenøerne
province_names	danish	Hamborg
province_names	danish	Warschava
province_names	danish	Diarbekr
province_names	danish	Nordlandene
province_names	danish	Middlsex
province_names	danish	Ærzerûm
province_names	danish	Lifland
province_names	danish	Mékke
province_names	danish	Koluga
province_names	danish	Frederiksnagor
province_names	danish	Tveer
province_names	danish	Medîne
province_names	danish	Helle
province_names	danish	Oplandene
province_names	danish	Lybek
province_names	danish	Hælsingleland
province_names	danish	Vesterboten
province_names	danish	Aggershuus
province_names	danish	Scio
province_names	danish	Øster-Gøtland
province_names	danish	Bleking
province_names	danish	Trábulos
province_names	danish	Damâsk
province_names	danish	Stokholm
province_names	danish	Nischgorod
province_names	danish	Øsel
province_names	danish	Posen
province_names	danish	Moscau
province_names	danish	Jaroslavl
province_names	danish	Birkeland
province_names	danish	Færøerne
province_names	danish	Krakov
province_names	danish	Jæmtland
province_names	danish	Kaarnwæll
province_names	danish	Básra
province_names	danish	Trankebar
province_names	danish	Cap Coast
province_names	danish	Saná
province_names	danish	Holsteen
province_names	danish	Østerbotn
province_names	danish	Christiansborg
province_names	danish	Christiansand
province_names	danish	Dsjidda
province_names	danish	Karelen
province_names	danish	Aabo
province_names	danish	Lænkæster
province_names	danish	Bahuslehn
province_names	danish	Prindsensteen
province_names	danish	Got Haabs Forbierg
province_names	danish	Gønge
province_names	danish	Lützelburg
province_names	danish	Frederiksøerne
province_names	danish	Palmyra
province_names	dutch	Kamerijk
province_names	dutch	Vermandland
province_names	dutch	Ments
province_names	dutch	Nieuw-Amstel
province_names	dutch	Henegouwen
province_names	dutch	Normandië
province_names	dutch	Frankfort
province_names	dutch	Schanatisda
province_names	dutch	Fort Hollandia
province_names	dutch	Vlaanderen
province_names	dutch	Londen
province_names	dutch	Kaap
province_names	dutch	Wiltwijck
province_names	dutch	Antwerpen
province_names	dutch	Masulipatnam
province_names	dutch	Nieuw-Hollant
province_names	dutch	Versche Rivier
province_names	dutch	Vrijgraafschap
province_names	dutch	Fort Aardenburgh
province_names	dutch	Trincomalee
province_names	dutch	Friesland
province_names	dutch	Kales
province_names	dutch	Gelre
province_names	dutch	Renssellaerswijck
province_names	dutch	Sint Eustatius
province_names	dutch	Zuyd Rivier
province_names	dutch	Keulen
province_names	dutch	Pulicat
province_names	dutch	Elzas
province_names	dutch	Breisgouw
province_names	dutch	Fort Lydsaamheid
province_names	dutch	Osnabrugge
province_names	dutch	Sint Maarten
province_names	dutch	Pavonia
province_names	dutch	Munster
province_names	dutch	Utrecht
province_names	dutch	Zwaanendael
province_names	dutch	Rodenberg
province_names	dutch	Picardië
province_names	dutch	Roode Eylant
province_names	dutch	Luik
province_names	dutch	Sadras
province_names	dutch	Palts
province_names	dutch	Kleef
province_names	dutch	Breda
province_names	dutch	Oost-Friesland
province_names	dutch	Colombo
province_names	dutch	Bourgondië
province_names	dutch	Fort Elmina
province_names	dutch	Negapatam
province_names	dutch	Artesië
province_names	dutch	Parijs
province_names	dutch	Lotharingen
province_names	dutch	Lutzenburgh
province_names	dutch	Sundgouw
province_names	dutch	Grenada
province_names	dutch	Gent
province_names	dutch	Nieuw-Amsterdam
province_names	dutch	Aken
province_names	dutch	Batavia
province_names	dutch	Zeeland
province_names	eastern_algonquian	Kebek
province_names	eastern_algonquian	Mississage
province_names	east_slavic	Tammerfors
province_names	east_slavic	Abo
province_names	east_slavic	Novoarchangelsk
province_names	east_slavic	Zakarpathia
province_names	east_slavic	Ilets
province_names	east_slavic	Kungrad
province_names	east_slavic	Derbent
province_names	east_slavic	Ekaterinodar
province_names	east_slavic	Elisavetpol
province_names	east_slavic	Chelabinsk
province_names	east_slavic	Berezhnye
province_names	east_slavic	Glazov
province_names	east_slavic	Omsk
province_names	east_slavic	Maikop
province_names	east_slavic	Vilyisk
province_names	east_slavic	Cicikar
province_names	east_slavic	Nikolaistadt
province_names	east_slavic	Krivoi Rog
province_names	east_slavic	Tsaritsyn
province_names	east_slavic	Uchaminskiy
province_names	east_slavic	Novosibirsk
province_names	east_slavic	Karkaralinsk
province_names	east_slavic	Pokrovsk
province_names	east_slavic	Kovno
province_names	east_slavic	Port-Artur
province_names	east_slavic	Pishpek
province_names	east_slavic	Vilno
province_names	east_slavic	Nikolaev
province_names	east_slavic	Aktubinsk
province_names	east_slavic	Fergana
province_names	east_slavic	Kazalinsk
province_names	east_slavic	Baku
province_names	east_slavic	Sevastopol
province_names	east_slavic	Kamyshin
province_names	east_slavic	Kutais
province_names	east_slavic	Vyborg
province_names	east_slavic	Uriev
province_names	east_slavic	Perovsk
province_names	east_slavic	Nikolayev-on-Amur
province_names	east_slavic	Kalmykov
province_names	east_slavic	Cheboksary
province_names	east_slavic	Pechenga
province_names	east_slavic	Krasnoyarsk
province_names	east_slavic	Troitskiy
province_names	east_slavic	Ashabad
province_names	east_slavic	Kokchetav
province_names	east_slavic	Stavropol
province_names	east_slavic	Kiyinsk
province_names	east_slavic	Helsingfors
province_names	east_slavic	Naryn
province_names	east_slavic	Ekaterinburg
province_names	east_slavic	Ayan
province_names	east_slavic	Turgay
province_names	east_slavic	Aleksandrov-gay
province_names	east_slavic	Golodnaya steppe
province_names	east_slavic	Verhneangarsk
province_names	east_slavic	Semipalatinsk
province_names	east_slavic	Akmolinsk
province_names	east_slavic	Chimkent
province_names	east_slavic	Tiflis
province_names	east_slavic	Przhevalsk
province_names	east_slavic	Verhneudinsk
province_names	east_slavic	Batum
province_names	east_slavic	Zlatoust
province_names	east_slavic	Guriev
province_names	east_slavic	Vladikavkaz
province_names	east_slavic	Novocherkassk
province_names	east_slavic	Orenburg
province_names	east_slavic	Kirensk
province_names	east_slavic	Novorissiysk
province_names	east_slavic	Erivan
province_names	east_slavic	Habarovsk
province_names	east_slavic	Taman
province_names	east_slavic	Atbasarsk
province_names	east_slavic	Serov
province_names	east_slavic	Grozny
province_names	east_slavic	Belotsarsk
province_names	east_slavic	Vladivostok
province_names	east_slavic	Ust-Medveditskaya
province_names	east_slavic	Ochakov
province_names	east_slavic	Prashev
province_names	east_slavic	Glinanskaya
province_names	east_slavic	Olyokminsk
province_names	east_slavic	Vyoshenskaya
province_names	east_slavic	Chita
province_names	east_slavic	Priozersk
province_names	east_slavic	Blagoveshensk
province_names	east_slavic	Tichoretsk
province_names	east_slavic	Cherson
province_names	east_slavic	Troitsko-Pechersk
province_names	east_slavic	Harbin
province_names	east_slavic	Zhigansk
province_names	east_slavic	Irghiz
province_names	east_slavic	Ekaterinoslav
province_names	east_slavic	Beloyarskiy
province_names	east_slavic	Tobolsk
province_names	east_slavic	Vanavara
province_names	east_slavic	Yeniseysk
province_names	east_slavic	Mariupol
province_names	east_slavic	Feodosia
province_names	east_slavic	Vernyi
province_names	east_slavic	Variegansk
province_names	east_slavic	Oimakon
province_names	east_slavic	Kustanay
province_names	east_slavic	Syzran
province_names	east_slavic	Ezel
province_names	east_slavic	Kemerovo
province_names	east_slavic	Elista
province_names	east_slavic	Tsargrad
province_names	east_slavic	Aralsk
province_names	east_slavic	Pernov
province_names	east_slavic	Pyatigorsk
province_names	east_slavic	Sankt Michel
province_names	east_slavic	Izhevsk
province_names	east_slavic	Atkarsk
province_names	east_slavic	Petrovsk
province_names	east_slavic	Krasnovodsk
province_names	east_slavic	Sergiopol
province_names	east_slavic	Nizhny-Embinsk
province_names	ENA	Ennarea
province_names	english	St. John
province_names	english	Fort Alexandria
province_names	english	Edmonton
province_names	english	Buffalo
province_names	english	Cape Girardeau
province_names	english	Ecore Fabre
province_names	english	Gaspe
province_names	english	Three Rivers
province_names	english	Fort Albany
province_names	english	Baghdad
province_names	english	Albany
province_names	english	Great Forks
province_names	english	Memphis
province_names	english	Qena
province_names	english	Fort Smith
province_names	english	Baton Rouge
province_names	english	Moncton
province_names	english	Wemotaci
province_names	english	Pittsburgh
province_names	english	Castine
province_names	english	Prairie du Chien
province_names	english	Mackinac
province_names	english	Rochester
province_names	english	Grand Rapids
province_names	english	Fort Jackson
province_names	english	Nablus
province_names	english	Blue Ridge
province_names	english	Toronto
province_names	english	Dauphin
province_names	english	Jasper
province_names	english	Ronde
province_names	english	Ticonderoga
province_names	english	Red River
province_names	english	Charlotte
province_names	english	Minnesota
province_names	english	Berens River
province_names	english	Derna
province_names	english	Damietta
province_names	english	Severn
province_names	english	West Branch
province_names	english	Mecatina
province_names	english	Fidius
province_names	english	York Factory
province_names	english	Porto Rico
province_names	english	White Mountains
province_names	english	Harrodstown
province_names	english	Fundy
province_names	english	Walvis Bay
province_names	english	Mosul
province_names	english	St. Louis
province_names	english	Sault Ste. Marie
province_names	english	Sandusky
province_names	english	Jerusalem
province_names	english	Aden
province_names	english	Schenectady
province_names	english	Green Bay
province_names	english	Watauga
province_names	english	Fort Madison
province_names	english	Little Rock
province_names	english	Ozarks
province_names	english	Overmountain
province_names	english	Eastmain
province_names	english	Astoria
province_names	english	Lexington
province_names	english	Rhode Island
province_names	english	Shenandoah
province_names	english	Cairo
province_names	english	New River
province_names	english	Traverse
province_names	english	Charleston
province_names	english	Savannah
province_names	english	Thunder Bay
province_names	english	Ottawa
province_names	english	Cape Ray
province_names	english	Fort Rupert
province_names	english	Oswego
province_names	english	Casco
province_names	english	Alexandria
province_names	english	Maryland
province_names	english	Cape Fear
province_names	english	Peoria
province_names	english	Vincennes
province_names	english	Huntsville
province_names	english	Long Bay
province_names	english	Red Lake
province_names	english	Aleppo
province_names	english	Benghazi
province_names	english	Augusta
province_names	english	Little Egypt
province_names	english	Bennington
province_names	english	Paducah
province_names	english	Dunvegan
province_names	english	Mille Lacs
province_names	english	Catskills
province_names	english	South Branch
province_names	english	Suez
province_names	english	Fort Stanwix
province_names	english	Pearsall
province_names	english	Detroit
province_names	english	Moose Factory
province_names	english	New Orleans
province_names	english	New York
province_names	english	Cloche
province_names	english	Les Cedres
province_names	english	Simcoe
province_names	english	Rappahannock
province_names	english	Baltimore
province_names	english	The Pas
province_names	english	James River
province_names	english	Nain
province_names	english	Prince George
province_names	english	Upper Peninsula
province_names	english	Quebec
province_names	english	Bardia
province_names	english	Vermont
province_names	english	Fort Richmond
province_names	english	Plymouth
province_names	english	Antioch
province_names	english	New Hampshire
province_names	english	Rosetta
province_names	english	Seven Islands
province_names	english	Cincinnati
province_names	english	Grand River
province_names	english	Nottawasaga
province_names	english	Montreal
province_names	english	Philadelphia
province_names	english	Beaufort
province_names	english	Avalon
province_names	english	Indiana
province_names	english	Damascus
province_names	english	Fort St. John
province_names	english	King's County
province_names	english	Wyoming Valley
province_names	english	Louisville
province_names	english	Gaza
province_names	english	Rimouski
province_names	english	Frederick
province_names	english	Shuswap
province_names	english	Ile a la Crosse
province_names	english	Chattanooga
province_names	english	Halifax
province_names	english	Berkshires
province_names	english	Gaines
province_names	english	Vancouver
province_names	english	Campbelton
province_names	english	Hull
province_names	english	Sioux Post
province_names	english	Peachtree
province_names	english	Cleveland
province_names	english	Charlottesville
province_names	english	Memphremagog
province_names	english	Cape Breton
province_names	english	Lake of the Woods
province_names	english	Saginaw
province_names	english	Cape Sable
province_names	english	Vermillion
province_names	english	Nashborough
province_names	english	New Haven
province_names	english	Manitoulin
province_names	english	Ontario
province_names	english	Churchill
province_names	english	Kootenai
province_names	english	Massachusetts
province_names	english	Prince Edward Isl.
province_names	english	Keowee
province_names	english	Keene
province_names	english	Council Bluff
province_names	FIN	Uusimaa
province_names	FIN	Viipuri
province_names	flemish	Kamerijk
province_names	flemish	Vermandland
province_names	flemish	Ments
province_names	flemish	Henegouwen
province_names	flemish	Normandië
province_names	flemish	Frankfort
province_names	flemish	Vlaanderen
province_names	flemish	Londen
province_names	flemish	Antwerpen
province_names	flemish	Vrijgraafschap
province_names	flemish	Friesland
province_names	flemish	Kales
province_names	flemish	Gelre
province_names	flemish	Keulen
province_names	flemish	Elzas
province_names	flemish	Breisgouw
province_names	flemish	Osnabrugge
province_names	flemish	Brabant
province_names	flemish	Munster
province_names	flemish	Holland
province_names	flemish	Utrecht
province_names	flemish	Picardië
province_names	flemish	Luik
province_names	flemish	Palts
province_names	flemish	Kleef
province_names	flemish	Breda
province_names	flemish	Oost-Friesland
province_names	flemish	Bourgondië
province_names	flemish	Artesië
province_names	flemish	Parijs
province_names	flemish	Lotharingen
province_names	flemish	Lutzenburgh
province_names	flemish	Sundgouw
province_names	flemish	Gent
province_names	flemish	Aken
province_names	flemish	Zeeland
province_names	french	Limbourg
province_names	french	Jaén
province_names	french	Bidaye
province_names	french	Détroit
province_names	french	Monts aux Arcs
province_names	french	Ecore Fabre
province_names	french	Chagos
province_names	french	Casquinambaux
province_names	french	Petite Pierre
province_names	french	Westphalie
province_names	french	Tchattas
province_names	french	La Pointe
province_names	french	Chattaux
province_names	french	Baton Rouge
province_names	french	Baye Blanche
province_names	french	Ile Saint-Jean
province_names	french	Cicacha
province_names	french	Saguinaw
province_names	french	La Havane
province_names	french	Témiscamingue
province_names	french	Ambois
province_names	french	Bragance
province_names	french	Pasquia
province_names	french	Delorbée
province_names	french	Alicante
province_names	french	Wurtemberg
province_names	french	Castille
province_names	french	Prairie du Chien
province_names	french	Ouiaténon
province_names	french	Parme
province_names	french	La Harpe
province_names	french	Brunswick
province_names	french	Hannovre
province_names	french	Népigon
province_names	french	Nieusauane
province_names	french	Charlefort
province_names	french	Fort Bourbon
province_names	french	La Cloche
province_names	french	Madère
province_names	french	Dauphin
province_names	french	Ronde
province_names	french	Basse-Lusace
province_names	french	Pise
province_names	french	Oldenbourg
province_names	french	Nouvelle Orléans
province_names	french	Montréal
province_names	french	Yazou
province_names	french	Ésope
province_names	french	Bilocci
province_names	french	Brême
province_names	french	Toaux
province_names	french	Minnesota
province_names	french	Fort Marin
province_names	french	Grande-Baleine
province_names	french	Michilimackinac
province_names	french	Baye Saint-Louis
province_names	french	Patoumek
province_names	french	Nice
province_names	french	Belle Isle
province_names	french	Piémont
province_names	french	Frioul
province_names	french	Roussillon
province_names	french	Almérie
province_names	french	Mecklembourg
province_names	french	Baie Rouge
province_names	french	Frise
province_names	french	Pointe Verte
province_names	french	Porto Rico
province_names	french	Tolède
province_names	french	Frise orientale
province_names	french	Gironne
province_names	french	Kaministiquia
province_names	french	Transfalgard
province_names	french	Crémone
province_names	french	Cap Blanc
province_names	french	Huronie
province_names	french	Gand
province_names	french	Cassel
province_names	french	Lévis
province_names	french	Rome
province_names	french	Lucanie
province_names	french	Brandebourg
province_names	french	Cambrésis
province_names	french	Sienne
province_names	french	Cataraqui
province_names	french	Cheraquie
province_names	french	Sainte Rose
province_names	french	Trentin
province_names	french	Malanghelé
province_names	french	Saint-Maurice
province_names	french	Cherontons
province_names	french	Salamanque
province_names	french	Modène
province_names	french	Bas St-Laurent
province_names	french	Sonhioto
province_names	french	Venise
province_names	french	Tombecbé
province_names	french	Nouvelle Saintonge
province_names	french	Coneticout
province_names	french	Pouhatang
province_names	french	Francfort
province_names	french	Belle Rivière
province_names	french	Rivière à la Roche
province_names	french	Memphrémagog
province_names	french	Horsaines
province_names	french	Aragon
province_names	french	Malte
province_names	french	Cacéres
province_names	french	Haute-Lusace
province_names	french	Canaries
province_names	french	Sandoské
province_names	french	Haut-Palatinat
province_names	french	Ile Royale
province_names	french	Baye Notre-Dame
province_names	french	Mahas
province_names	french	Arkokisa
province_names	french	La Magdelaine
province_names	french	Bréda
province_names	french	Agniers
province_names	french	Yamésez
province_names	french	Presqu'Isle
province_names	french	Caouachés
province_names	french	Ferrare
province_names	french	Naples
province_names	french	Lorraine
province_names	french	Saint Joseph
province_names	french	Nouvelle-Rivière
province_names	french	Acadie
province_names	french	Onneyout
province_names	french	Assinaïs
province_names	french	Saint Louis
province_names	french	Basse-Bavière
province_names	french	Beauharnois
province_names	french	Mayence
province_names	french	Cologne
province_names	french	Valence
province_names	french	Flandres
province_names	french	Augsbourg
province_names	french	Mécatina
province_names	french	Vincennes
province_names	french	Plaisance
province_names	french	Cavagnal
province_names	french	Choumans
province_names	french	Chedabouctou
province_names	french	Apalache
province_names	french	Caloucha
province_names	french	Massac
province_names	french	Ile à la Crosse
province_names	french	Anvers
province_names	french	Savoie
province_names	french	Poméranie antérieure
province_names	french	Thuringe
province_names	french	Prusse orientale
province_names	french	Onnontagué
province_names	french	La Caroline
province_names	french	Saint Mathieu
province_names	french	Cadix
province_names	french	Cap-Vert
province_names	french	Ligurie
province_names	french	Grenade
province_names	french	Palatinat
province_names	french	Nouv. Angoulême
province_names	french	Zurich
province_names	french	Baye Sainte-Claire
province_names	french	Gaspé
province_names	french	Murcie
province_names	french	Galice
province_names	french	Miramichi
province_names	french	Ancône
province_names	french	Coni
province_names	french	Fort Saint-Louis
province_names	french	Dantzig
province_names	french	Baléares
province_names	french	Nouvelle-Seine
province_names	french	Hesse
province_names	french	Narbonnais
province_names	french	Pentagouet
province_names	french	Acconachena
province_names	french	Fort Orléans
province_names	french	Lac la Biche
province_names	french	Palerme
province_names	french	Sardaigne
province_names	french	Saults Sainte-Marie
province_names	french	Ulm
province_names	french	Milles Lacs
province_names	french	Messine
province_names	french	La Grande
province_names	french	Zélande
province_names	french	Calabre
province_names	french	Fayetteville
province_names	french	Andastes
province_names	french	Socoquis
province_names	french	Lac des Bois
province_names	french	Les Cedres
province_names	french	Saint-Gall
province_names	french	Abruzzes
province_names	french	Cap de Mai
province_names	french	La Baye
province_names	french	Asturies
province_names	french	Sept Iles
province_names	french	Fort Sainte-Anne
province_names	french	Vermont
province_names	french	Tyrol
province_names	french	Trévise
province_names	french	Cachiqueto
province_names	french	Marienbourg
province_names	french	Florence
province_names	french	Grisons
province_names	french	Gueldre
province_names	french	L'Orignal
province_names	french	Nottawasaga
province_names	french	Adaïé
province_names	french	Rivière Danoise
province_names	french	Séville
province_names	french	Fond du Lac
province_names	french	Varmie
province_names	french	Carantouanie
province_names	french	Gibraltar
province_names	french	Carillon
province_names	french	Saxe
province_names	french	Alibamous
province_names	french	Chiningué
province_names	french	Beaufort
province_names	french	Nuremberg
province_names	french	Panis
province_names	french	León
province_names	french	Grandes Fourches
province_names	french	Métabéchouane
province_names	french	Hollande
province_names	french	Caouitas
province_names	french	Pyrénées
province_names	french	Louisville
province_names	french	Carniole
province_names	french	Philadelphie
province_names	french	Sainte Geneviève
province_names	french	Hambourg
province_names	french	Trèves
province_names	french	Cordoue
province_names	french	Pimitéoui
province_names	french	Douville
province_names	french	Coblence
province_names	french	Ile de la Tortue
province_names	french	Prudhomme
province_names	french	Bade
province_names	french	Alsace
province_names	french	Berne
province_names	french	La Corne
province_names	french	Brisgau
province_names	french	Rethélois
province_names	french	Barcelone
province_names	french	Vienne
province_names	french	Miscou
province_names	french	Trois-Rivières
province_names	french	Açores
province_names	french	Mantoue
province_names	french	Negroponte
province_names	french	Waldstätten
province_names	french	Constance
province_names	french	Munich
province_names	french	Munster
province_names	french	Gorice
province_names	french	Romagne
province_names	french	Corse
province_names	french	Fort Saint-Jacques
province_names	french	Saint Ignace
province_names	french	Fort Duquesne
province_names	french	Aix-la-Chapelle
province_names	french	Cap de Sable
province_names	french	Wurtzbourg
province_names	french	Salzbourg
province_names	french	Trois Evechés
province_names	french	Richelieu
province_names	french	Carinthie
province_names	french	Wittemberg
province_names	french	Lisbonne
province_names	french	Lunebourg
province_names	french	Le Dout
province_names	french	Rivière Rouge
province_names	french	Manitoulin
province_names	french	Arcansea
province_names	french	Sonnontouanie
province_names	french	Saint Jean
province_names	french	Cantabrie
province_names	french	Rigolet
province_names	french	Poméranie ultérieure
province_names	french	Vérone
province_names	french	Mataouane
province_names	french	Lombardie
province_names	french	Styrie
province_names	french	Québec
province_names	french	Gatineau
province_names	georgian	Tao
province_names	georgian	Lomsia
province_names	germanic	Albanien
province_names	germanic	Temesch
province_names	germanic	Kantabrien
province_names	germanic	Abruzzen
province_names	germanic	Namen
province_names	germanic	Serbien
province_names	germanic	Bels
province_names	germanic	Busäu
province_names	germanic	Nisch
province_names	germanic	Athen
province_names	germanic	Garten
province_names	germanic	Lentschitza
province_names	germanic	Schleswig
province_names	germanic	Pyrenäen
province_names	germanic	Netze
province_names	germanic	Premissel
province_names	germanic	Mitteljütland
province_names	germanic	Slawonien
province_names	germanic	Florenz
province_names	germanic	Sandomir
province_names	germanic	Saboltsch
province_names	germanic	Oltenien
province_names	germanic	Ermland
province_names	germanic	Podlachien
province_names	germanic	Sarajewo
province_names	germanic	Syrakus
province_names	germanic	Istrien
province_names	germanic	Narwa
province_names	germanic	Schieratz
province_names	germanic	Schonen
province_names	germanic	Seeland
province_names	germanic	Coblenz
province_names	germanic	Walfischbucht
province_names	germanic	Budweis
province_names	germanic	Waadt
province_names	germanic	Lüttich
province_names	germanic	Cassel
province_names	germanic	Gnesen
province_names	germanic	Venedig
province_names	germanic	Asturien
province_names	germanic	Oberschwaben
province_names	germanic	Freigrafschaft
province_names	germanic	Kauen
province_names	germanic	Travunien
province_names	germanic	Antorf
province_names	germanic	Lemberg
province_names	germanic	Cleve
province_names	germanic	Flandern
province_names	germanic	Kalabrien
province_names	germanic	Ödenburg
province_names	germanic	Marmarosch
province_names	germanic	Königgrätz
province_names	germanic	Südtirol
province_names	germanic	Marosch
province_names	germanic	Fort Dorothea
province_names	germanic	Neuhäusel
province_names	germanic	Konstantinopel
province_names	germanic	Kalen
province_names	germanic	Agram
province_names	germanic	Hennegau
province_names	germanic	Neu-Augsburg
province_names	germanic	Braunschweig
province_names	germanic	Spisz
province_names	germanic	Savoyen
province_names	germanic	Lützelburg
province_names	germanic	Geldern
province_names	germanic	Podolien
province_names	germanic	Pilsen
province_names	germanic	Achaia
province_names	germanic	Rom
province_names	germanic	Nizza
province_names	germanic	Brünn
province_names	germanic	Eisenmarkt
province_names	germanic	Kamerich
province_names	germanic	Groß Friedrichsburg
province_names	germanic	Neu-Nürnberg
province_names	germanic	Friaul
province_names	germanic	Prag
province_names	germanic	Schomodei
province_names	germanic	Dörpt
province_names	germanic	Zips
province_names	germanic	Welsch-Brixen
province_names	germanic	Galicien
province_names	germanic	Olmütz
province_names	germanic	Schemaiten
province_names	germanic	Korfu
province_names	germanic	Sachsen
province_names	germanic	Posen
province_names	germanic	Pressburg
province_names	germanic	Neapel
province_names	germanic	Kremun
province_names	germanic	Ostmark
province_names	germanic	Dalmatien
province_names	germanic	Tergowisch
province_names	germanic	Kreta
province_names	germanic	Gent
province_names	germanic	Syrmien
province_names	germanic	Wolhynien
province_names	germanic	Mailand
province_names	germanic	Fünen
province_names	germanic	Piemont
province_names	germanic	Euböa
province_names	germanic	Umbrien
province_names	germanic	Lettgallen
province_names	germanic	Sankt Thomas
province_names	germanic	Artesien
province_names	germanic	Tarnau
province_names	germanic	Makedonien
province_names	germanic	Bessarabien
province_names	germanic	Bellowar
province_names	germanic	Warschau
province_names	germanic	Traken
province_names	germanic	Tuchel
province_names	germanic	Liefland
province_names	germanic	Thessalien
province_names	germanic	Ostfriesland
province_names	germanic	Krakau
province_names	germanic	Muden
province_names	germanic	Tawastland
province_names	germanic	Semmlin
province_names	germanic	Raschka
province_names	germanic	Neu-Kurland
province_names	germanic	Wermland
province_names	germanic	Ligurien
province_names	germanic	Kulm
province_names	germanic	Lukanien
province_names	germanic	Moldau
province_names	germanic	Welsch-Bern
province_names	germanic	Halitsch
province_names	germanic	Romanei
province_names	germanic	Lissabon
province_names	germanic	Neu Sandec
province_names	greek	Petra Megale
province_names	greek	Kallinikos
province_names	greek	Amida
province_names	greek	Darnis
province_names	greek	Megale
province_names	greek	Syene
province_names	greek	Tylos
province_names	greek	Theodosia
province_names	greek	Antiocheia
province_names	greek	Lytkopolis
province_names	greek	Tamiathis
province_names	greek	Justiniania
province_names	greek	Tamatarha
province_names	greek	Adrramyta
province_names	greek	Aleksandreia
province_names	greek	Constantina
province_names	greek	Kaine
province_names	greek	Chios
province_names	hungarian	Bécs
province_names	hungarian	Újszandec
province_names	hungarian	Konstantinápoly
province_names	hungarian	Nándorfehérvár
province_names	hungarian	Szepes
province_names	hungarian	Bodzavásár
province_names	hungarian	Grác
province_names	hungarian	Hont
province_names	hungarian	Bodony
province_names	hungarian	Krakkó
province_names	hungarian	Varsó
province_names	hungarian	Durosztol
province_names	hungarian	Drinápoly
province_names	hungarian	Szendro
province_names	hungarian	Szeredoc
province_names	hungarian	Nikápoly
province_names	hungarian	Szerém
province_names	hungarian	Trencsén
province_names	hungarian	Zágráb
province_names	hungarian	Prága
province_names	hungarian	Torda
province_names	hungarian	Máramaros
province_names	hungarian	Bács
province_names	hungarian	Boroszló
province_names	hungarian	Velence
province_names	hungarian	Szlavónia
province_names	huron	Wenro
province_names	irish	Laighin
province_names	irish	Sligeach
province_names	irish	Connacht
province_names	irish	Ulaidh
province_names	irish	Mide
province_names	irish	Deas-Mhumhain
province_names	irish	Uí Failghe
province_names	irish	Tuadhmhumhain
province_names	irish	Tir Eoghain
province_names	irish	Cill Dara
province_names	iroquoian	Kayahsutoke
province_names	iroquoian	Honguedo
province_names	iroquoian	Maisouna
province_names	iroquoian	Serachtague
province_names	iroquoian	Tyotaheshtahkwake
province_names	iroquoian	Tkanotayekowa
province_names	iroquoian	Scahentowanen
province_names	iroquoian	Tyotéoke
province_names	iroquoian	Wastoke
province_names	iroquois	Seneca
province_names	iroquois	Kayahake
province_names	khmer	Sri Nakorn Lamduan
province_names	khmer	Koreach
province_names	khmer	Nokor Sri Thommareach
province_names	korean	Nyeongwon
province_names	korean	Buyeo
province_names	korean	Anju
province_names	korean	Nyeongan
province_names	korean	Hoeryeong
province_names	korean	Simyang
province_names	korean	Anwon
province_names	korean	Samseong
province_names	korean	Gillim
province_names	korean	Baekdonap
province_names	korean	Geonju
province_names	korean	Ryeongwon
province_names	lao	Sipsongchutai
province_names	lao	Xiang Taeng
province_names	latin	Scio
province_names	latin	Cafa
province_names	latin	Valona
province_names	latin	Scutari
province_names	latin	Negroponte
province_names	latin	Durazzo
province_names	lithuanian	Smolenskas
province_names	lithuanian	Marienburgas
province_names	lithuanian	Vilnius
province_names	lithuanian	Césis
province_names	lithuanian	Klaipéda
province_names	lithuanian	Tartu
province_names	lithuanian	Perejaslavas
province_names	lithuanian	Gardinas
province_names	lithuanian	Kaunas
province_names	lithuanian	Kijevas
province_names	lithuanian	Kurskas
province_names	lithuanian	Minskas
province_names	lithuanian	Sarema
province_names	lithuanian	Pinskas
province_names	lithuanian	Talinas
province_names	lithuanian	Cernigovas
province_names	lithuanian	Turovas
province_names	lithuanian	Charkovas
province_names	lithuanian	Varmé
province_names	lithuanian	Bransau
province_names	lithuanian	Daugpilis
province_names	lithuanian	Voluine
province_names	lithuanian	Vitebskas
province_names	lithuanian	Ziemgala
province_names	lithuanian	Palenké
province_names	lithuanian	Braclavas
province_names	lithuanian	Gdanskas
province_names	lithuanian	Cerkasai
province_names	lithuanian	Brianskas
province_names	lithuanian	Zaporoze
province_names	lithuanian	Ryga
province_names	lithuanian	Rivne
province_names	lithuanian	Brasta
province_names	lithuanian	Edisanas
province_names	lithuanian	Kulmas
province_names	lithuanian	Kursas
province_names	lithuanian	Polockas
province_names	lithuanian	Zytomyras
province_names	lithuanian	Mozyrius
province_names	lithuanian	Karaliaucius
province_names	lithuanian	Narva
province_names	lithuanian	Severija
province_names	lithuanian	Ingilas
province_names	lithuanian	Zemaitija
province_names	LUX	Lëtzebuerg
province_names	malay	Melaka
province_names	malay	Lin-yi
province_names	malay	Tanjung Salang
province_names	malay	Negara Sri Dharmaraja
province_names	MAM	Ushmunayn
province_names	MAM	Akhmin
province_names	MFL	Abu Arish
province_names	NED	Limburg
province_names	northern_thai	Chiang Tung
province_names	northern_thai	Chiang Taeng
province_names	northern_thai	Thawai
province_names	northern_thai	Saen Wi
province_names	northern_thai	Marit
province_names	norwegian	Orkneyjar
province_names	norwegian	Færøyene
province_names	norwegian	Borgarsysla
province_names	norwegian	Hjaltland
province_names	norwegian	Jemtland
province_names	norwegian	Båhuslen
province_names	OKA	Odoyev
province_names	ORM	Mascalat
province_names	polish	Dorpat
province_names	polish	Czelabinsk
province_names	polish	Saratów
province_names	polish	Grodziec
province_names	polish	Zurych
province_names	polish	Strzalów
province_names	polish	Liwlandia
province_names	polish	Zytomierz
province_names	polish	Siewierszczyzna
province_names	polish	Moskwa
province_names	polish	Goldynga
province_names	polish	Kowno
province_names	polish	Mohylew
province_names	polish	Linec
province_names	polish	Tichorieck
province_names	polish	Rzew
province_names	polish	Przemysl
province_names	polish	Hawolin
province_names	polish	Chopior
province_names	polish	Szenkursk
province_names	polish	Mscislaw
province_names	polish	Desawa
province_names	polish	Cheb
province_names	polish	Lipsk
province_names	polish	Kijów
province_names	polish	Tichwin
province_names	polish	Hradec
province_names	polish	Polock
province_names	polish	Ostróda
province_names	polish	Nizny Nowogród
province_names	polish	Wlodzimierz
province_names	polish	Berno
province_names	polish	Norymberga
province_names	polish	Praga
province_names	polish	Brzesc
province_names	polish	Narwa
province_names	polish	Ustiug
province_names	polish	Lipieck
province_names	polish	Luzyce
province_names	polish	Woronez
province_names	polish	Ingria
province_names	polish	Brema
province_names	polish	Jaroslaw
province_names	polish	Besarabia
province_names	polish	Moguncja
province_names	polish	Rypin
province_names	polish	Milsko
province_names	polish	Tarnów
province_names	polish	Carycyn
province_names	polish	Wroclaw
province_names	polish	Slupsk
province_names	polish	Gryzonia
province_names	polish	Perejaslaw
province_names	polish	Baszkortostan
province_names	polish	Alzacja
province_names	polish	Rewal
province_names	polish	Szczecin
province_names	polish	Czystopol
province_names	polish	Czerkasy
province_names	polish	Wologoszcz
province_names	polish	Ozylia
province_names	polish	Zemplin
province_names	polish	Charków
province_names	polish	Wirtembergia
province_names	polish	Kolobrzeg
province_names	polish	Manycz
province_names	polish	Monachium
province_names	polish	Zmudz
province_names	polish	Roztoka
province_names	polish	Pozon
province_names	polish	Galicz
province_names	polish	Braclaw
province_names	polish	Marmarosz
province_names	polish	Bratyslawa
province_names	polish	Cholm
province_names	polish	Melitopol
province_names	polish	Oczaków
province_names	polish	Trewir
province_names	polish	Ryga
province_names	polish	Koblencja
province_names	polish	Tehinia
province_names	polish	Spisz
province_names	polish	Ratyzbona
province_names	polish	Szlezwik
province_names	polish	Symbirsk
province_names	polish	Akwizgran
province_names	polish	Teodoro
province_names	polish	Malbork
province_names	polish	Agidel
province_names	polish	Riazan
province_names	polish	Witebsk
province_names	polish	Budziejowice
province_names	polish	Cholmogory
province_names	polish	Postapin
province_names	polish	Bryzgowia
province_names	polish	Bielojarskij
province_names	polish	Strubina
province_names	polish	Hanower
province_names	polish	Mozyrz
province_names	polish	Czeboksary
province_names	polish	Wysnij Woloczok
province_names	polish	Biala Gora
province_names	polish	Inflanty
province_names	polish	Brunszwik
province_names	polish	Poltawa
province_names	polish	Zlatoust
province_names	polish	Turów
province_names	polish	Warmia
province_names	polish	Carogród
province_names	polish	Ostrów
province_names	polish	Rudawy
province_names	polish	Jarobród
province_names	polish	Równe
province_names	polish	Saraj
province_names	polish	Azow
province_names	polish	Santok
province_names	polish	Górna Szwabia
province_names	polish	Hesja
province_names	polish	Kraina
province_names	polish	Racibórz
province_names	polish	Torzok
province_names	polish	Szczytno
province_names	polish	Wyszomierz
province_names	polish	Pilzno
province_names	polish	Wolyn
province_names	polish	Tyrol
province_names	polish	Wilno
province_names	polish	Zaporoze
province_names	polish	Kaffa
province_names	polish	Wietluga
province_names	polish	Biezeck
province_names	polish	Nowogród
province_names	polish	Oloniec
province_names	polish	Bachmut
province_names	polish	Plawno
province_names	polish	Stary Perm
province_names	polish	Trubczewsk
province_names	polish	Tambow
province_names	polish	Kies
province_names	polish	Newa
province_names	polish	Gdansk
province_names	polish	Podole
province_names	polish	Westfalia
province_names	polish	Czernichów
province_names	polish	Kraków
province_names	polish	Bieloziero
province_names	polish	Cherson
province_names	polish	Gorny Palatynat
province_names	polish	Glogów
province_names	polish	Kolonia
province_names	polish	Psków
province_names	polish	Jedysan
province_names	polish	Dziewin
province_names	polish	Briansk
province_names	polish	Lwów
province_names	polish	Astrachan
province_names	polish	Palatynat
province_names	polish	Przeslaw
province_names	polish	Monastyr
province_names	polish	Syzran
province_names	polish	Udmurcja
province_names	polish	Wieden
province_names	polish	Troki
province_names	polish	Moldawia
province_names	polish	Królewiec
province_names	polish	Lubeka
province_names	polish	Wologda
province_names	polish	Holsztyn
province_names	polish	Trenczyn
province_names	polish	Prioziersk
province_names	polish	Kudak
province_names	polish	Drezno
province_names	polish	Toropiec
province_names	polish	Lignica
province_names	polish	Olomuniec
province_names	polish	Lubusz
province_names	polish	Twer
province_names	polish	Trydent
province_names	polish	Archangielsk
province_names	polish	Wiazma
province_names	polish	Wiatka
province_names	polish	Tuchola
province_names	polish	Karyntia
province_names	polish	Kasimow
province_names	polish	Krym
province_names	polish	Mitawa
province_names	polish	Gorycja
province_names	portugese	Toledo
province_names	portugese	Jaén
province_names	portugese	Mazagão
province_names	portugese	Brabante
province_names	portugese	Qena
province_names	portugese	Savoia
province_names	portugese	Almería
province_names	portugese	Granada
province_names	portugese	Nápoles
province_names	portugese	Veneza
province_names	portugese	Alicante
province_names	portugese	Mascate
province_names	portugese	Luxemburgo
province_names	portugese	Damieta
province_names	portugese	Arguim
province_names	portugese	Nablus
province_names	portugese	Milão
province_names	portugese	Fernando Pó
province_names	portugese	Leão
province_names	portugese	Barcelona
province_names	portugese	Cantabria
province_names	portugese	Surate
province_names	portugese	Derna
province_names	portugese	Serra Leoa
province_names	portugese	Porto Rico
province_names	portugese	Bengazi
province_names	portugese	Florença
province_names	portugese	Mosul
province_names	portugese	Alepo
province_names	portugese	Benim
province_names	portugese	Salamanca
province_names	portugese	São Tomé
province_names	portugese	Córsega
province_names	portugese	Cádiz
province_names	portugese	Gabão
province_names	portugese	Cairo
province_names	portugese	Socotorá
province_names	portugese	Génova
province_names	portugese	Galiza
province_names	portugese	Melinde
province_names	portugese	Cacéres
province_names	portugese	Cabo da Boa Esperança
province_names	portugese	Sardenha
province_names	portugese	Zelandia
province_names	portugese	Sevilha
province_names	portugese	Antioque
province_names	portugese	Alexandria
province_names	portugese	Melilha
province_names	portugese	Pirinéus
province_names	portugese	Adém
province_names	portugese	Costa do Marfim
province_names	portugese	Flandres
province_names	portugese	Tânger
province_names	portugese	Deli
province_names	portugese	Moçambique
province_names	portugese	Bante
province_names	portugese	Diego Garcia
province_names	portugese	Damasco
province_names	portugese	Ilhas Baleares
province_names	portugese	Catar
province_names	portugese	Pequim
province_names	portugese	Roseta
province_names	portugese	Costa do Ouro
province_names	portugese	Asturias
province_names	portugese	Berna
province_names	portugese	Suez
province_names	portugese	Liampó
province_names	portugese	Viena
province_names	portugese	Ormuz
province_names	portugese	Ilhas Canarias
province_names	portugese	Jerusalém
province_names	portugese	Holanda
province_names	portugese	Girona
province_names	portugese	Bardia
province_names	portugese	Murcia
province_names	portugese	Valencia
province_names	portugese	Gibraltar
province_names	portugese	Tafilate
province_names	portugese	Gaza
province_names	portugese	Cabo Verde
province_names	portugese	Quíloa
province_names	portugese	Rossilhão
province_names	portugese	Marraquexe
province_names	portugese	Camarões
province_names	portugese	Córdoba
province_names	portugese	Antuerpia
province_names	portugese	Aragão
province_names	portugese	Mombaça
province_names	portugese	Bagdade
province_names	portugese	Cantão
province_names	portugese	Castela
province_names	ROM	Augusta Auscorum
province_names	ROM	Oria
province_names	ROM	Benearnia
province_names	ROM	Portus Cale
province_names	ROM	Petras Maior
province_names	ROM	Kosovia
province_names	ROM	Acilisene
province_names	ROM	Sebastea
province_names	ROM	Circesium
province_names	ROM	Monacum
province_names	ROM	Lentia
province_names	ROM	Messana
province_names	ROM	Grisonia
province_names	ROM	Andecavis
province_names	ROM	Neapolis
province_names	ROM	Salernum
province_names	ROM	Beroea
province_names	ROM	Terulium
province_names	ROM	Cassiliacum
province_names	ROM	Burdigala
province_names	ROM	Athenae
province_names	ROM	Flavia Neapolis
province_names	ROM	Gaiena
province_names	ROM	Capsa
province_names	ROM	Gibraltaria
province_names	ROM	Lydia
province_names	ROM	Cameracum
province_names	ROM	Emerita Augusta
province_names	ROM	Susiana
province_names	ROM	Perpinianum
province_names	ROM	Scopia
province_names	ROM	Picardia
province_names	ROM	Durocortorum
province_names	ROM	Liber Comitatus
province_names	ROM	Cilicia
province_names	ROM	Melita
province_names	ROM	Clivia
province_names	ROM	Caria
province_names	ROM	Luenzina
province_names	ROM	Syrtis
province_names	ROM	Hippo Regius
province_names	ROM	Cappadocia
province_names	ROM	Cairus
province_names	ROM	Borchlonium
province_names	ROM	Lutetia
province_names	ROM	Herbipolis
province_names	ROM	Nivernum
province_names	ROM	Rhodus
province_names	ROM	Pomaria
province_names	ROM	Galatia
province_names	ROM	Nicaea
province_names	ROM	Castoria
province_names	ROM	Lycopolis
province_names	ROM	Luca
province_names	ROM	Philippopolis
province_names	ROM	Flandria
province_names	ROM	Rioiia
province_names	ROM	Hispalis
province_names	ROM	Rabatum
province_names	ROM	Septa
province_names	ROM	Albingaunum
province_names	ROM	Salisburgum
province_names	ROM	Arvernia
province_names	ROM	Brigantia
province_names	ROM	Gades
province_names	ROM	Forum Iulii
province_names	ROM	Urgellum
province_names	ROM	Dura Europus
province_names	ROM	Berenice
province_names	ROM	Moguntiacum
province_names	ROM	Augusta Vindelicorum
province_names	ROM	Dacia Malvensis
province_names	ROM	Moesia
province_names	ROM	Confluentes
province_names	ROM	Constantinopolis
province_names	ROM	Calesium
province_names	ROM	Panormus
province_names	ROM	Sicca Veneria
province_names	ROM	Norba Caesarina
province_names	ROM	Oxonia
province_names	ROM	Pyrenaei
province_names	ROM	Burbonia
province_names	ROM	Biscaia
province_names	ROM	Lucentum
province_names	ROM	Leucos Limen
province_names	ROM	Naissus
province_names	ROM	Hannonia
province_names	ROM	Luxemburgum
province_names	ROM	Venetiae
province_names	ROM	Glevum
province_names	ROM	Tarvisium
province_names	ROM	Legio
province_names	ROM	Finis Terrae
province_names	ROM	Alenconium
province_names	ROM	Hassia
province_names	ROM	Tridentum
province_names	ROM	Varasdinum
province_names	ROM	Gandavum
province_names	ROM	Serdica
province_names	ROM	Antverpia
province_names	ROM	Suitius
province_names	ROM	Germanicia
province_names	ROM	Dioclea
province_names	ROM	Consentia
province_names	ROM	Varus
province_names	ROM	Caesarea
province_names	ROM	Darnis
province_names	ROM	Sinope
province_names	ROM	Granata
province_names	ROM	Styria
province_names	ROM	Paphlagonia
province_names	ROM	Caralis
province_names	ROM	Mons Ferratus
province_names	ROM	Rascia
province_names	ROM	Avaricum Biturigum
province_names	ROM	Vescera
province_names	ROM	Lapurdum
province_names	ROM	Northumbria
province_names	ROM	Visoka
province_names	ROM	Adrianopolis
province_names	ROM	Singara
province_names	ROM	Bruttium
province_names	ROM	Hierosolyma
province_names	ROM	Tacape
province_names	ROM	Clamorgania
province_names	ROM	Venedotia
province_names	ROM	Augusta Treveronum
province_names	ROM	Ulma
province_names	ROM	Ingolstadium
province_names	ROM	Leodium
province_names	ROM	Sallentum
province_names	ROM	Tamiathis
province_names	ROM	Attalea
province_names	ROM	Suesia
province_names	ROM	Pictavium
province_names	ROM	Norfolcia
province_names	ROM	Zelandia
province_names	ROM	Naxia
province_names	ROM	Aurelianium
province_names	ROM	Amasea
province_names	ROM	Mons Porphirites
province_names	ROM	Paraetonium
province_names	ROM	Bredana
province_names	ROM	Duranius
province_names	ROM	Amisia
province_names	ROM	Ternobum
province_names	ROM	Fovea
province_names	ROM	Mercia
province_names	ROM	Corduba
province_names	ROM	Genua
province_names	ROM	Mylasa
province_names	ROM	Pamphylia
province_names	ROM	Hadrumetum
province_names	ROM	Tarsatica
province_names	ROM	Meninx
province_names	ROM	Mysia
province_names	ROM	Badenia
province_names	ROM	Fezza
province_names	ROM	Tirolis
province_names	ROM	Viso
province_names	ROM	Tolosa
province_names	ROM	Tagritum
province_names	ROM	Florentia
province_names	ROM	Achaia
province_names	ROM	Cotyaeum
province_names	ROM	Graecia
province_names	ROM	Pestinum
province_names	ROM	Burgundia
province_names	ROM	Murustaga
province_names	ROM	Olisipo
province_names	ROM	Media
province_names	ROM	Abydus
province_names	ROM	Barium
province_names	ROM	Narbo
province_names	ROM	Cadurcum
province_names	ROM	Troas
province_names	ROM	Tarraco
province_names	ROM	Burgi
province_names	ROM	Ebora
province_names	ROM	Corcyra
province_names	ROM	Hippo Diarrhytus
province_names	ROM	Berna
province_names	ROM	Sanctogallum
province_names	ROM	Aquisgranum
province_names	ROM	Brisgoviae
province_names	ROM	Gallaecia
province_names	ROM	Dusseldorpium
province_names	ROM	Bagdatum
province_names	ROM	Lotharingia
province_names	ROM	Zachlumia
province_names	ROM	Cumbria
province_names	ROM	Mariculum
province_names	ROM	Callinicum
province_names	ROM	Histria
province_names	ROM	Lausonium
province_names	ROM	Sabaudia
province_names	ROM	Monspesullanus
province_names	ROM	Sena Iulia
province_names	ROM	Cirta
province_names	ROM	Rusadir
province_names	ROM	Vindobona
province_names	ROM	Scarbantia
province_names	ROM	Brixia
province_names	ROM	Taraunitis
province_names	ROM	Algeria
province_names	ROM	Toletum
province_names	ROM	Creta
province_names	ROM	Rothomagus
province_names	ROM	Smyrna
province_names	ROM	Londinium
province_names	ROM	Arsinoë
province_names	ROM	Nassovia
province_names	ROM	Urbinum
province_names	ROM	Suebia
province_names	ROM	Brabantia
province_names	ROM	Namurcum
province_names	ROM	Alsatia
province_names	ROM	Vestphalia
province_names	ROM	Gerunda
province_names	ROM	Pedemontium
province_names	ROM	Mediolanum Santonum
province_names	ROM	Eboracum
province_names	ROM	Augustoritum
province_names	ROM	Cydamus
province_names	ROM	Thubactis
province_names	ROM	Armorica
province_names	ROM	Durostorum
province_names	ROM	Compendium
province_names	ROM	Syracusae
province_names	ROM	Sassaris
province_names	ROM	Mettis
province_names	ROM	Bononia
province_names	ROM	Lycaonia
province_names	ROM	Chaldia
province_names	ROM	Tingis
province_names	ROM	Trapezus
province_names	ROM	Valesia
province_names	ROM	Colonia Agrippina
province_names	ROM	Aquae Sextiae
province_names	ROM	Derbia
province_names	ROM	Ragusium
province_names	ROM	Lindum
province_names	ROM	Epiphania
province_names	ROM	Zagrabia
province_names	ROM	Partes Inferiores
province_names	ROM	Maximianopolis
province_names	ROM	Palatinatus
province_names	ROM	Caesaraugusta
province_names	ROM	Manica
province_names	ROM	Tripolis Libanitis
province_names	ROM	Somerton
province_names	ROM	Limburgum
province_names	ROM	Cestria
province_names	ROM	Delphinatus
province_names	ROM	Amida
province_names	ROM	Cantium
province_names	ROM	Tripolis
province_names	ROM	Arsissa
province_names	ROM	Melitene
province_names	ROM	Onoldum
province_names	ROM	Ferraria
province_names	ROM	Bithynia
province_names	ROM	Pisae
province_names	ROM	Goritia
province_names	ROM	Peraea
province_names	ROM	Essexia
province_names	ROM	Arretium
province_names	ROM	Landishuta
province_names	ROM	Burgus
province_names	ROM	Carinthia
province_names	ROM	Insula Materiae
province_names	ROM	Romania
province_names	ROM	Lugdunum
province_names	ROM	Atrebas
province_names	ROM	Cuneum
province_names	ROM	Syene
province_names	ROM	Quadrigellae
province_names	ROM	Virtembergia
province_names	ROM	Novaria
province_names	ROM	Saldae
province_names	ROM	Normannia
province_names	ROM	Salmantica
province_names	ROM	Mediolanum
province_names	ROM	Monasterium
province_names	ROM	Hantonia
province_names	ROM	Tunes
province_names	ROM	Thaenae
province_names	ROM	Targoviste
province_names	ROM	Ossonoba
province_names	ROM	Portum Namnetum
province_names	ROM	Iconium
province_names	ROM	Carniola
province_names	ROM	Sclavonia
province_names	ROM	Asturiae
province_names	ROM	Heidelberga
province_names	ROM	Idumea
province_names	ROM	Barrum
province_names	ROM	Segodunum
province_names	ROM	Matritum
province_names	ROM	Cornubia
province_names	ROM	Cenomanum
province_names	ROM	Conimbriga
province_names	ROM	Canaria Insulae
province_names	ROM	Aprutium
province_names	ROM	Antinopolis
province_names	ROM	Valentia
province_names	ROM	Turicum
province_names	ROM	Valdoletum
province_names	ROM	Palmyra
province_names	romanian	Bihor
province_names	romanian	Moldova
province_names	romanian	Basarabia
province_names	romanian	Timis
province_names	romanian	Hunedoara
province_names	romanian	Tighina
province_names	romanian	Mures
province_names	romanian	Maramures
province_names	RVA	Ravensburg
province_names	sapmi	Aanaar
province_names	serbian	Tesalija
province_names	serbian	Trgoviste
province_names	serbian	Naksos
province_names	serbian	Bosna
province_names	serbian	Rodos
province_names	serbian	Tsarigrad
province_names	serbian	Srem
province_names	serbian	Oltenija
province_names	serbian	Jedrinje
province_names	serbian	Ahaja
province_names	serbian	Slavonija
province_names	serbian	Atina
province_names	serbian	Kostur
province_names	serbian	Sofija
province_names	serbian	Valona
province_names	serbian	Vojvodina
province_names	serbian	Makedonija
province_names	serbian	Dalmacija
province_names	serbian	Varazdin
province_names	serbian	Nikopolj
province_names	serbian	Evbeja
province_names	serbian	Dubrovnik
province_names	serbian	Epir
province_names	serbian	Krf
province_names	serbian	Silistra
province_names	serbian	Moreja
province_names	serbian	Temisvar
province_names	slovak	Linec
province_names	slovak	Vieden
province_names	slovak	Vratislav
province_names	slovak	Nové Zámky
province_names	slovak	Zemplin
province_names	slovak	Debrecín
province_names	slovak	Nitra
province_names	slovak	Sriem
province_names	slovak	Spis
province_names	slovak	Solník
province_names	slovak	Krema
province_names	slovak	Pest-Budin
province_names	slovak	Korutánsko
province_names	swedish	Birkaland
province_names	swedish	Bohuslän
province_names	swedish	Jämtland
province_names	swedish	Kexholm
province_names	swedish	Själland
province_names	swedish	Mittjylland
province_names	swedish	Nya Götheborg
province_names	swedish	Kajanaland
province_names	swedish	Nya Elfsborg
province_names	swedish	Nöteborg
province_names	swedish	Ditmarsken
province_names	swedish	Fort Kristina
province_names	swedish	Livland
province_names	swedish	Skåne
province_names	tartar	Kefe
province_names	tartar	Matrika
province_names	TUR	Circe
province_names	TUR	Özü
province_names	turkish	Kastamonu
province_names	turkish	Tanca
province_names	turkish	Cebelitarik
province_names	turkish	Hocabey
province_names	turkish	Yeni Pazar
province_names	turkish	Karaman
province_names	turkish	Kars
province_names	turkish	Ankara
province_names	turkish	Azerbaycan
province_names	turkish	Kerbela
province_names	turkish	Abhazya
province_names	turkish	Avlonya
province_names	turkish	Tirhala
province_names	turkish	Hüdavendigar
province_names	turkish	Kayseri
province_names	turkish	Hürmüz
province_names	turkish	Kudus
province_names	turkish	Iskenderiye
province_names	turkish	Debrecin
province_names	turkish	Musul
province_names	turkish	Egriboz
province_names	turkish	Selanik
province_names	turkish	Çildir
province_names	turkish	Sham
province_names	turkish	Dera
province_names	turkish	Adana
province_names	turkish	Sugla
province_names	turkish	Eger
province_names	turkish	Kabiliye
province_names	turkish	Mekke
province_names	turkish	Silistre
province_names	turkish	El Karak
province_names	turkish	Antakya
province_names	turkish	Üsküp
province_names	turkish	Göle
province_names	turkish	Tilimsan
province_names	turkish	Yeni Istanbul
province_names	turkish	Kocaeli
province_names	turkish	Bozok
province_names	turkish	Mohka
province_names	turkish	Teke
province_names	turkish	Lahsa
province_names	turkish	Türk Adalari
province_names	turkish	Budin
province_names	turkish	Kanarya Adalari
province_names	turkish	Ilbasan
province_names	turkish	Ballibadra
province_names	turkish	Hunkala
province_names	turkish	Trablusgarp
province_names	turkish	Kamaniçe
province_names	turkish	Sehrizor
province_names	turkish	Filibe
province_names	turkish	Kosova
province_names	turkish	Akkerman
province_names	turkish	Karabag
province_names	turkish	Timishvar
province_names	turkish	Girnata
province_names	turkish	Saruhan
province_names	turkish	Kahire
province_names	turkish	Diyarbekir
province_names	turkish	Mentesha
province_names	turkish	Nish
province_names	turkish	Semendire
province_names	turkish	Konya
province_names	turkish	Yanya
province_names	turkish	Kopan
province_names	turkish	Medine
province_names	turkish	Kostantiniyye
province_names	turkish	Sivas
province_names	turkish	Bogdan
province_names	turkish	Kesriye
province_names	turkish	Vahran
province_names	turkish	Sirvan
province_names	turkish	Sirem
province_names	turkish	Çerkesya
province_names	turkish	Bosna
province_names	turkish	Girid
province_names	turkish	Sakiz
province_names	turkish	Kibris
province_names	turkish	Bingazi
province_names	turkish	Venedik
province_names	turkish	Tiflis
province_names	turkish	Marash
province_names	turkish	Varad
province_names	turkish	Atina
province_names	turkish	Segedin
province_names	turkish	Otranto
province_names	turkish	Trebine
province_names	turkish	Travik
province_names	turkish	Megrelya
province_names	turkish	Bolu
province_names	turkish	Balear Adalari
province_names	turkish	Bükres
province_names	turkish	Rakka
province_names	turkish	Iskodra
province_names	turkish	Erivan
province_names	turkish	Nigbolu
province_names	turkish	Anabolu
province_names	turkish	Isfahan
province_names	turkish	Erzurum
province_names	turkish	Tunus
province_names	turkish	Canik
province_names	turkish	Kütahya
province_names	turkish	Kafsa
province_names	turkish	Malatya
province_names	turkish	Rodos
province_names	turkish	Kirim
province_names	turkish	Beç
province_names	turkish	Katar
province_names	turkish	Sinop
province_names	turkish	Cenova
province_names	turkish	Hersek
province_names	turkish	Dagistan
province_names	turkish	Biga
province_names	turkish	Urumçi
province_names	turkish	Hama
province_names	turkish	Uyvar
province_names	turkish	Beçkerek
province_names	turkish	Bender
province_names	turkish	Cezayir
province_names	turkish	Trablus
province_names	turkish	Trabzon
province_names	turkish	Bagdad
province_names	turkish	Londra
province_names	turkish	Sofya
province_names	turkish	Içel
province_names	turkish	Erzincan
province_names	turkish	Gazze
province_names	turkish	Kefe
province_names	turkish	Naksa Berre
province_names	turkish	Kotor
province_names	turkish	Bahreyn
province_names	turkish	Kirkkilise
province_names	turkish	Konstantin
province_names	turkish	Haleb
province_names	turko_semitic	Basrah
province_names	turko_semitic	as-Suways
province_names	turko_semitic	Dimashq
province_names	turko_semitic	Darnah
province_names	turko_semitic	Mawsil
province_names	turko_semitic	Qahirah
province_names	turko_semitic	Mukha
province_names	turko_semitic	Yanbu' al-Bahr
province_names	turko_semitic	Rashid
province_names	turko_semitic	Arbouna
province_names	turko_semitic	Qusayr
province_names	turko_semitic	Tilimsan
province_names	turko_semitic	al-Quds
province_names	turko_semitic	Halab
province_names	turko_semitic	Qatar
province_names	turko_semitic	Qawasim
province_names	turko_semitic	Al-Mansha
province_names	turko_semitic	Awal
province_names	turko_semitic	Qila
province_names	turko_semitic	Dumyat
province_names	turko_semitic	Ghazzah
province_names	turko_semitic	Tadmor
province_names	turko_semitic	Qusantinah
province_names	turko_semitic	Najran
province_names	turko_semitic	Antakiya
province_names	turko_semitic	Madinat Salim
province_names	turko_semitic	Suhar
province_names	turko_semitic	Ras Gareb
province_names	turko_semitic	Qal'at Ayyub
province_names	turko_semitic	Sina
province_names	turko_semitic	Qatif
province_names	turko_semitic	Bagdad
province_names	turko_semitic	Mitija
province_names	turko_semitic	Mar'ash
province_names	turko_semitic	Ma'an
province_names	turko_semitic	Ajloun
province_names	turko_semitic	Sayda
province_names	turko_semitic	Shilb
province_names	turko_semitic	Madinah
province_names	turko_semitic	Makkah
province_names	turko_semitic	Diyar al-Bakr
province_names	turko_semitic	Qulumriya
province_names	turko_semitic	Qafsah
province_names	turko_semitic	Tarabulus al-Sham
province_names	turko_semitic	Sharqiya
province_names	turko_semitic	Al'Arid
province_names	turko_semitic	Masqat
province_names	turko_semitic	Hamah
province_names	turko_semitic	Sebtah
province_names	turko_semitic	Yabrin
province_names	turko_semitic	Bangazi
province_names	turko_semitic	Liwa
province_names	turko_semitic	Ar-Raqqah
province_names	turko_semitic	Tulaytullah
province_names	turko_semitic	Adan
province_names	turko_semitic	Bardiya
province_names	turko_semitic	Qunka
province_names	turko_semitic	Suqutra
province_names	turko_semitic	Iskandariyya
province_names	turko_semitic	San'a
province_names	turko_semitic	Baja
province_names	turko_semitic	Jabal Shammar
province_names	uzbehk	Chimgi-Tura
province_names	vietnamese	Phang Rang
province_names	vietnamese	Gia Dinh
province_names	vietnamese	Can Tho
province_names	vietnamese	Da Nang
province_names	vietnamese	Nha Trang
province_names	vietnamese	Qui Nhon
province_names	vietnamese	Ca Mau
province_names	wallonian	Lussemborg
wars	AfghanMarathaWar	Afghan-Maratha War
wars	AfghanMarathaWar	Sadishivrao Bhau
wars	AfghanMarathaWar	Panipat
wars	AfghanMarathaWar	Ahmad Shah Durrani
wars	AhmadiSisodias	Ahmadi - Sisodiya war
wars	AhmednagarBerar	Invasion of Berar
wars	AhmednagarBijapur	Bijapuri-Ahmednagar War
wars	AhmednagarMughalWin	Mughal invasion of Ahmednagar
wars	AkbarGarha	Akbar's Invasion of Gondwana
wars	AkbarGujarat	Mughal-Gujarati War
wars	AkbarGujaratAgain	Mughal Gujarati War
wars	AkbarMalwa	Akbar's Invasion of Malwa
wars	AkbarMewarWar	Sack of Chittor
wars	AkbarOrissa	Mughal invasion of Orissa
wars	AmericanWarOfIndependence	Bound Brook
wars	AmericanWarOfIndependence	Banastare Tarleton
wars	AmericanWarOfIndependence	Marc Prevost
wars	AmericanWarOfIndependence	Andrew Pickens
wars	AmericanWarOfIndependence	Cowpens
wars	AmericanWarOfIndependence	Kettle Creek
wars	AmericanWarOfIndependence	Camden
wars	AmericanWarOfIndependence	James Boyd
wars	AmericanWarOfIndependence	George Washington
wars	AmericanWarOfIndependence	Archibald Campbell
wars	AmericanWarOfIndependence	William Howe
wars	AmericanWarOfIndependence	Charles Cornwallis
wars	AmericanWarOfIndependence	Kings Mountain
wars	AmericanWarOfIndependence	Johan Rall
wars	AmericanWarOfIndependence	Daniel Morgan
wars	AmericanWarOfIndependence	William Campell
wars	AmericanWarOfIndependence	Benjamin Lincoln
wars	AmericanWarOfIndependence	Patrick Ferguson
wars	AmericanWarOfIndependence	Horatio Gates
wars	AmericanWarOfIndependence	American War of Independence
wars	AmericanWarOfIndependence	Princeton
wars	AmericanWarOfIndependence	Trenton
wars	AmericanWarOfIndependence	Brooklyn
wars	AmericanWarOfIndependence	John Ashe
wars	AmericanWarOfIndependence	Elijah Clark
wars	AmericanWarOfIndependence	Briar Creek
wars	AmericanWarOfIndependence	Alligator Bridge
wars	Anglo-DutchJavaWar	Anglo-Dutch Java War
wars	AngloFrenchWar	Anglo-French War
wars	AngloMarathaWar	First Anglo-Maratha Wa
wars	AngloRussianWar	Anglo-Russian War
wars	AngloScottishWar	Anglo-Scottish War
wars	AngloSpanishWar	Anglo-Spanish War
wars	AngloSpanishWar	Gravelines
wars	AngloSpanishWar	Alonso de Guzmán El Bueno
wars	AngloSpanishWar	Francis Drake
wars	AngloTurkishWar	Anglo-Turkish War
wars	AragoneseSuccessionWar	Aragonese Succession War
wars	ArgentineWarofIndependence	Maipú
wars	ArgentineWarofIndependence	Chacabuco
wars	ArgentineWarofIndependence	Rafael Maroto
wars	ArgentineWarofIndependence	Mariano Osorio
wars	ArgentineWarofIndependence	Argentine War of Independence
wars	ArgentineWarofIndependence	José de San Martin
wars	AssamKashar	Ahom conquest of Nagaland
wars	AustroHungarianWar	Matthias Corvinus
wars	AustroHungarianWar	Austro-Hungarian War
wars	AustroHungarianWar	Ferdinand III
wars	AustroHungarianWar	Leitzersdorf
wars	AustroTurkishWar	Austro-Turkish War
wars	BahmaniOriyaWar	Kalipendras Conquest of Telingana
wars	BahmaniVijayanagar	Konkani War
wars	BengalKoch	Bengali invasion of Kamata
wars	BhutanAnnexesKochbihar	Bhutanese invasion of Koch Bihar
wars	BidarBijapur	Bijapuri-Bidari War
wars	BidarBijapurAgain	Second Bijapuri-Bidari War
wars	BijapuriconquestofSouthDeccan	Invasion of Southern Deccan
wars	BohemiaHungarianWar	Bohemian-Hungarian War
wars	BohemianRevolt	Plzen
wars	BohemianRevolt	Karel Buquoy
wars	BohemianRevolt	Ernst von Mansfel
wars	BohemianRevolt	Maximilian
wars	BohemianRevolt	Bila Hora
wars	BohemianRevolt	Bohemian Revolt
wars	BohemianRevolt	Christian I
wars	BretonWarOfIndependence	Breton War of Independence
wars	BurgundianWars	René II
wars	BurgundianWars	Adrian von Bubenberg
wars	BurgundianWars	Morat
wars	BurgundianWars	Burgundian Wars
wars	BurgundianWars	Nancy
wars	BurgundianWars	Hans von Hallwyl
wars	BurgundianWars	Charles I
wars	BurgundianWars	Grandson
wars	BurmeseChineseWar	Burmese-Chinese War
wars	BurmeseLaotianWar	Burmese-Laotian War
wars	BurmesePeguWar	Burmese-Pegu War
wars	BurmeseShanWar	Burmese-Shan War
wars	CastillianSuccessionWar	Battle of Albuera
wars	CastillianSuccessionWar	Afonso V
wars	CastillianSuccessionWar	Alfonso de Cárdenas
wars	CastillianSuccessionWar	Battle of Toro
wars	CastillianSuccessionWar	Castillan Succession War
wars	CastillianSuccessionWar	Arévalo
wars	CastillianSuccessionWar	Ferrán II
wars	ChampanerConquest	Conquest of Champaner
wars	ChileanWarOfIndependence	Chilean War of Independence
wars	Cliveswar	Clive's Bengali-British War
wars	ColombianWarOfIndependence	Colombian War of Independence
wars	ConquestOfGranada	Conquest of Granada
wars	ConquestOfNovgorod	Daniel Kholmsky
wars	ConquestOfNovgorod	Dmitry Isakevich Boretsky
wars	ConquestOfNovgorod	Shelon
wars	ConquestOfNovgorod	Conquest of Novgorod
wars	ConquestOfRyukyu	Conquest of Ryukyu
wars	ConquestOfTheInca	Francisco Pizarro
wars	ConquestOfTheInca	Tumbala
wars	ConquestOfTheInca	Puná
wars	ConquestOfTheInca	Cajamarca
wars	ConquestOfTheInca	Conquest of the Inca
wars	ConquestOfTheInca	Atahualpa
wars	CretanWar	Cretan War
wars	CrusadeForGranada	Crusade for Granada
wars	CrusadeOfVarna	Varna
wars	CrusadeOfVarna	Murad II
wars	CrusadeOfVarna	Crusade of Varna
wars	CrusadeOfVarna	Wladyslaw III
wars	DaiVietChampaWar	Dai Viet-Champa War
wars	DanishSwedishWar	Danish Swedish War
wars	DanzigRebellion	Danzig Rebellion
wars	DelhiJaunpurfirst	Delhi-Jaunpuri war
wars	DelhiJaunpurSecond	Delhi-Jaunpuri war
wars	DelhiMughalWar	Babur's invasion of Delhi
wars	DelhiTirhutWar	Conquest of Tirhut
wars	DisasterofIraqAjemi	Invasion of Iraq-e-Ajam
wars	DutchPortugueseWar	Francisco Barreto de Menezes
wars	DutchPortugueseWar	Guararapes
wars	DutchPortugueseWar	Johan van den Bricken
wars	DutchPortugueseWar	Dutch-Portuguese War
wars	DutchZamorinWar	The Calicut War
wars	EighthBurmeseSiamneseWar	Eighth Burmese-Siamnese War
wars	EightOttomanSafavidWar	Eighth Ottoman-Safavid War
wars	EightyYearsWar	Juan Álvarez de Ávila
wars	EightyYearsWar	Albrecht
wars	EightyYearsWar	Eighty Years War
wars	EightyYearsWar	Varax
wars	EightyYearsWar	Downs
wars	EightyYearsWar	Antonio de Oquendo
wars	EightyYearsWar	Turnhout
wars	EightyYearsWar	Jacob van Heemskerk
wars	EightyYearsWar	Maarten Tromp
wars	EightyYearsWar	Maurits of Nassau
wars	EightyYearsWar	Maurice de Nassau
wars	EightyYearsWar	Nieuwpoort
wars	EightyYearsWar	Gibraltar
wars	EleventhBurmeseSiamneseWar	Eleventh Burmese-Siamnese War
wars	FerrareseWar	The Salt War
wars	FifthBurmeseSiamneseWar	Fifth Burmese-Siamnese War
wars	FifthOttomanSafavidWar	Fifth Ottoman-Safavid War
wars	FifthOttomanVenetianWar	Ali Pasha
wars	FifthOttomanVenetianWar	John of Austria
wars	FifthOttomanVenetianWar	Fifth Ottoman-Venetian War
wars	FifthOttomanVenetianWar	Lepanto
wars	FifthRussoTurkishWar	Fifth Russo-Turkish War
wars	FifthSiameseBurmeseWar	Fifth Siamese-Burmese War
wars	FinnishWar	Carl Johan Adlercreutz
wars	FinnishWar	Sävar and Ratan
wars	FinnishWar	Nikolay Mikhailovich Kamensky
wars	FinnishWar	Pulkkila
wars	FinnishWar	Finnish War
wars	FinnishWar	Siikajoki
wars	FinnishWar	Sveaborg
wars	FinnishWar	Obuhov
wars	FinnishWar	Carl Olof Cronstedt
wars	FinnishWar	Wilhelm Mauritz Klingspor
wars	FinnishWar	Johan August Sandels
wars	FinnishWar	Schepeljeff
wars	FinnishWar	Gustaf Wachtmeister
wars	FinnishWar	Nikolai Nikolaievitsch Rayevskij
wars	FinnishWar	Friedrich Wilhelm von Buxhoeveden
wars	FinnishWar	Michail Leontjevich Bulatov
wars	FinnishWar	Erikson
wars	FinnishWar	Alavus
wars	FinnishWar	Georg Carl von Döbeln
wars	FinnishWar	Koljonvirta
wars	FinnishWar	Oravais
wars	FinnishWar	Nikolai Alexejvitsch Tutschkoff
wars	FinnishWar	Yakov Petrovitch Kulnev
wars	FinnishWar	Lapua
wars	FinnishWar	Kosatchoffskij
wars	FinnishWar	Jutas
wars	FinnishWar	Kauhajoki
wars	FinnishWar	Revolax
wars	FirstAngloDutchWar	Robert Blake
wars	FirstAngloDutchWar	First Anglo-Dutch War
wars	FirstAngloDutchWar	Henry Appleton
wars	FirstAngloDutchWar	Jahan van Galen
wars	FirstAngloDutchWar	George Monck
wars	FirstAngloDutchWar	North Foreland
wars	FirstAngloDutchWar	Witte Corneliszoon de With
wars	FirstAngloDutchWar	Kentish Knock
wars	FirstAngloDutchWar	Maarten Tromp
wars	FirstAngloDutchWar	George Monck and Richard Deane
wars	FirstAngloDutchWar	Scheveningen
wars	FirstAngloDutchWar	Leghorn
wars	FirstAngloDutchWar	Portland
wars	FirstAngloMysoreWar	First Anglo-Mysore War
wars	FirstBarbaryWar	Edward Preble
wars	FirstBarbaryWar	First Barbary War
wars	FirstBarbaryWar	Hassan Bey
wars	FirstBarbaryWar	Tripoli
wars	FirstBarbaryWar	Derne
wars	FirstBarbaryWar	William Eaton
wars	FirstBurmeseAssameseWar	First Burmese-Assamese War
wars	FirstBurmeseSiamneseWar	First Burmese-Siamnese War
wars	FirstCarnaticWar	The first Carnatic War
wars	FirstIntertimuridwar	Timurid invasion of Khorasan
wars	FirstItalianWar	Fornovo
wars	FirstItalianWar	First Italian War
wars	FirstItalianWar	Charles VIII
wars	FirstItalianWar	Francesco II of Gonzaga
wars	FirstKandaharWar	First Mughal-Persian War over Kandahar
wars	FirstMuscoviteLithuanianWar	First Muscovite-Lithuanian War
wars	FirstOttomanHabsburgWar	First Ottoman-Habsburg War
wars	FirstOttomanHabsburgWar	Wilhelm von Roggendorf
wars	FirstOttomanHabsburgWar	Suleiman I
wars	FirstOttomanHabsburgWar	Vienna
wars	FirstOttomanHungarianWar	Belgrade
wars	FirstOttomanHungarianWar	First Ottoman-Hungarian War
wars	FirstOttomanHungarianWar	Hunyadi János
wars	FirstOttomanHungarianWar	Mehmet II
wars	FirstOttomanVenetianWar	First Ottoman-Venetian War
wars	FirstPerso-MughalWar	Perso-Mughal War
wars	FirstSiameseBurmeseWar	First Siamese-Burmese War
wars	FourthAngloMysoreWar	Fourth Anglo-Mysore War
wars	FourthBurmeseSiamneseWar	Fourth Burmese-Siamnese War
wars	FourthOttomanHabsburgWar	Fourth Ottoman-Habsburg War
wars	FourthOttomanSafavidWar	Fourth Ottoman-Safavid War
wars	FourthRussoTurkishWar	Fourth Russo-Turkish War
wars	FourthSiameseBurmeseWar	Fourth Siamese-Burmese War
wars	FourthVenetianOttomanWar	Preveza
wars	FourthVenetianOttomanWar	Andrea Doria
wars	FourthVenetianOttomanWar	Barbarossa Hayreddin Pasha
wars	FourthVenetianOttomanWar	Fourth Ottoman-Venetian War
wars	FranceProvenceConflict	France-Provence Conflict
wars	FrancoBurgundianWar	Second Franco-Burgundian War
wars	FrancoDutchWar	Karl XI
wars	FrancoDutchWar	Georg von Derfflinger
wars	FrancoDutchWar	Solebay
wars	FrancoDutchWar	Seneffe
wars	FrancoDutchWar	William III
wars	FrancoDutchWar	Halmstad
wars	FrancoDutchWar	Michiel de Ruyter
wars	FrancoDutchWar	Fehrbellin
wars	FrancoDutchWar	Waldemar von Wrangel
wars	FrancoDutchWar	Landskrona
wars	FrancoDutchWar	Jacques de Fariaux
wars	FrancoDutchWar	Louis XIV
wars	FrancoDutchWar	Franco-Dutch War
wars	FrancoDutchWar	Christian V
wars	FrancoDutchWar	Jacob Duncan
wars	FrancoDutchWar	Lund
wars	FrancoDutchWar	Louis II
wars	FrancoDutchWar	Maastricht
wars	FrancoDutchWar	James Stuart
wars	FrancoItalianWar	Solent
wars	FrancoItalianWar	Ceresole
wars	FrancoItalianWar	Franco-Italian War
wars	FrancoItalianWar	Francois de Vendome
wars	FrancoItalianWar	Marques del Vasto
wars	FrancoItalianWar	Claude d'Annebault
wars	FrancoItalianWar	John Dudley
wars	FrancoSavoyardWar	Franco-Savoyard War
wars	FrancoSpanishWar	Arras
wars	FrancoSpanishWar	Turenne
wars	FrancoSpanishWar	Franco-Spanish War
wars	FrancoSpanishWar	Ferdinand de Salis
wars	FrancoSpanishWar	Juan José de Austria
wars	FrancoSpanishWar	Dunes
wars	FrancoSpanishWar	Vicomte de Turrene
wars	FrenchBurgundianWar	First Franco-Burgundian War
wars	FulaniWar	Fulani War
wars	GhurkaGharwal	Ghurka Invasion of Gharwal
wars	GhurkaKangra	Ghurka Invasion of Kangra
wars	GolcondaBastar	Golconda-Bastari War
wars	GolcondanWarforKosta	Struggle for Coastal Andhra
wars	GolcondaVijayanagar	Golconda-Vijayanagara War
wars	GreatNordicWar	Carl Gustaf Rehnskiöld
wars	GreatNordicWar	Gustaf Wattarang
wars	GreatNordicWar	Kliszow
wars	GreatNordicWar	Naum Senyavin
wars	GreatNordicWar	Slaget vid Rilax
wars	GreatNordicWar	Dynekilen
wars	GreatNordicWar	Fyodor Apraksin
wars	GreatNordicWar	Gadebusch
wars	GreatNordicWar	Fraustadt
wars	GreatNordicWar	Tordenskjold
wars	GreatNordicWar	Peter the Great
wars	GreatNordicWar	Great Nordic War
wars	GreatNordicWar	Olof Strömstierna
wars	GreatNordicWar	Wrangel
wars	GreatNordicWar	Magnus Stenbock
wars	GreatNordicWar	Osel Island
wars	GreatNordicWar	Boris Sheremetyev
wars	GreatNordicWar	Lesnaya
wars	GreatNordicWar	Adam Ludwig Lewenhaupt
wars	GreatNordicWar	Holowczyn
wars	GreatNordicWar	August II
wars	GreatNordicWar	Karl XII
wars	GreatNordicWar	Narva
wars	GreatNordicWar	Johann Matthias von der Schulenburg
wars	GreatNordicWar	Poltava
wars	GreatNordicWar	Frederick IV
wars	GujaratKathi	Kathiawari War
wars	GunboatWar	Anholt
wars	GunboatWar	Hans Peter Holm
wars	GunboatWar	Lyngør
wars	GunboatWar	George Parker
wars	GunboatWar	James Pattison Steward
wars	GunboatWar	C.W. Jessen
wars	GunboatWar	Jørgen C. de Falsen
wars	GunboatWar	Gunboat War
wars	GunboatWar	Zealand
wars	GurkhaWar	Gurkha War
wars	HabsburgValoisWar	Lamoral
wars	HabsburgValoisWar	Gravelines
wars	HabsburgValoisWar	Emmanuel Philibert
wars	HabsburgValoisWar	Habsburg-Valois War
wars	HabsburgValoisWar	Anne de Montmorency
wars	HabsburgValoisWar	St. Quentin
wars	HabsburgValoisWar	Paul des Thermes
wars	HakimRevolt	Hakim's reconquest of Hindusthan
wars	HannibalWar	Hannibal War
wars	HanseaticEnglishWar	Hanseatic-English War
wars	HatsRussianWar	Hats Russian War
wars	HumayunGujarat	Humayun's invasion of Gujarat
wars	HundredDaysWar	Michel Ney
wars	HundredDaysWar	Quatre Bras
wars	HundredDaysWar	Gebhard von Blücher
wars	HundredDaysWar	Wavre
wars	HundredDaysWar	Waterloo
wars	HundredDaysWar	Arthur Wellesley
wars	HundredDaysWar	Napoléon Bonaparte
wars	HundredDaysWar	Johann von Thielmann
wars	HundredDaysWar	Marshal Grouchy
wars	HundredDaysWar	Hundred Days War
wars	HundredDaysWar	Ligny
wars	HundredYearsWar	Hundred Years War
wars	HundredYearsWar	John Talbot
wars	HundredYearsWar	Jean Bureau
wars	HundredYearsWar	Formigny
wars	HundredYearsWar	Comte de Clermont
wars	HundredYearsWar	Thomas Kyriell
wars	HundredYearsWar	Castillon
wars	HundredYearsWarFinalPhase	Hundred Years War - The Final Phase
wars	HungerWar	Hunger War
wars	IngrianWar	Ingrian War
wars	InvasionOfCalais	Invasion Of Calais
wars	IroquoisFrenchWar	Iroquois-French War
wars	ItalianFourYearsWar	Prospero Colonna
wars	ItalianFourYearsWar	Francis I
wars	ItalianFourYearsWar	Pavia
wars	ItalianFourYearsWar	Charles de Lannoy
wars	ItalianFourYearsWar	Italian Four Years War
wars	ItalianFourYearsWar	Vicomte de Lautrec
wars	ItalianFourYearsWar	Bicocca
wars	JahanShahKhorasanWar	Jahan Shah's invasion of Khorasan
wars	KabyleAlgerianWar	Kabyle Devastation of Mitidja
wars	KalmarWar	Kalmar War
wars	KalmarWar	Lars Gram
wars	KalmarWar	Kringen
wars	KalmarWar	Alexander Ramsay
wars	KalpiWar	First Kalpi War
wars	KangraMughal	Kangra War
wars	KashmirDurrani	Kashmiri Independence War
wars	KeladiBijapur	Bijapur invasion of Keladi Nayaka
wars	KhaljiAttackDelhi	Khalji attack on Delhi
wars	khazakshybanidwar	Khazak-Uzbek War
wars	KochIndependence	Koch Behars war for independence
wars	KoreanSevenYearsWar	Todo Takatora
wars	KoreanSevenYearsWar	Kato Kiyomasa
wars	KoreanSevenYearsWar	Pyongyang
wars	KoreanSevenYearsWar	Kim Myeong-wo
wars	KoreanSevenYearsWar	Imjin River
wars	KoreanSevenYearsWar	Busan
wars	KoreanSevenYearsWar	Yi Sun-sin
wars	KoreanSevenYearsWar	Jeong Bal
wars	KoreanSevenYearsWar	Wakizaka
wars	KoreanSevenYearsWar	Shin Rip
wars	KoreanSevenYearsWar	Hansan
wars	KoreanSevenYearsWar	Myeongnyang
wars	KoreanSevenYearsWar	Ukita Hideie
wars	KoreanSevenYearsWar	Ch'ungju
wars	KoreanSevenYearsWar	Okpo
wars	KoreanSevenYearsWar	Li Rusong
wars	KoreanSevenYearsWar	Imjin War
wars	KoreanSevenYearsWar	Byeokjegwan
wars	KoreanSevenYearsWar	Chilcheollyang
wars	KoreanSevenYearsWar	Won Gyan
wars	KoreanSevenYearsWar	Konishi Yukinaga
wars	LannaAyutthayaWar	Lan Na-Ayutthaya War
wars	LivonianWar	Pskov
wars	LivonianWar	Ivan Shuisky
wars	LivonianWar	Livonian War
wars	LivonianWar	Stefan Bathory
wars	MadWar	Mad War
wars	MakasarWar	Makasar War
wars	MalwaGond	Gondwani War
wars	MalwaGujarat	Malvi-Gujarat War
wars	MalwaGujaratFirst	Conquest of Kandesh
wars	MalwaGujaratSecond	Conquest of Malwa
wars	MalwaMewar	Malvi-Mewari War
wars	ManchuConquest	Manchu Conquest
wars	ManchuInvasionOfTibet	Manchu Invasion of Tibet
wars	MewarMarWarOne	Mewari invasion of Marwar
wars	MexicanWarOfIndependence	Mexican War of Independence
wars	MingManchuWar	Ming-Manchu War
wars	MoldavianOttomanWar	Vaslui
wars	MoldavianOttomanWar	Stephen III
wars	MoldavianOttomanWar	Valea Alba
wars	MoldavianOttomanWar	Hadân Suleiman Pasha
wars	MoldavianOttomanWar	Mehmed II
wars	MoldavianOttomanWar	Moldavian-Ottoman War
wars	MoldavianOttomanWar	Stefan cel Mare
wars	MughalAhmednagar	Mughal Invasion of the Deccan
wars	MughalAnnexationAhmednagar	Mughal conquest of Ahmednagar
wars	MughalBagheliFirst	Bagheli War
wars	MughalBagheliSecond	Bagheli War
wars	MughalBundeli	Bundeli War
wars	MughalConquestOfBengal	Mughal expulsion of the Karranis from Bengal
wars	MughalDeccanWar	Mughal Invasion of Ahmednagar
wars	MughalEnglishWar	Child's War
wars	MughalInvasionOfAssam	Invasion of Assam
wars	MughalInvasionOfAssamSuccess	Mughal Conquest of Darrang
wars	MughalKandesh	Mughal-Kandeshi war
wars	MughalKandeshVassal	Akbars Kandeshi war
wars	MughalKathiawar	Mughal Invasion of Kathiawar
wars	MughalKochHajo	Mughal Conquest of Koch Hajo
wars	MughalMarathaWar	Mughal-Maratha War
wars	MughalPersianWar	Third Mughal-Persian War over Kandahar
wars	MughalRajputInvasion	Rajput-Mughal War
wars	MughalRajputInvasion	Khanwa
wars	MughalsAnnexBijapur	Mughal Invasion of Bijapur
wars	MughalsBeatenBackFromAssam	Conquest of Darrang
wars	MughalWinBijapur	Mughal Invasion of Golconda
wars	MughalWinGolcondaFirst	Mughal Invassion of Golconda
wars	MughalWinGolcondaFourth	Mughal Invasion of Golconda
wars	MughalWinGolcondaSecond	Mughal Invasion of Golconda
wars	MughalWinGolcondaThird	Mughal Invasion of Golconda
wars	MuscoviteLithuanianWar	Konstanty Ostrogski
wars	MuscoviteLithuanianWar	Russo-Lithuanian War
wars	MuscoviteLithuanianWar	Ivan Chelyadnin
wars	MuscoviteLithuanianWar	Orsha
wars	MuscoviteSwedishWar	Muscovite-Swedish War
wars	NeapolitanSuccessionWar	Neapolitan Succession War
wars	NeapolitanWar	Joachim Murat
wars	NeapolitanWar	Neapolitan War
wars	NeapolitanWar	Tolentino
wars	NeapolitanWar	Frederick Bianchi
wars	NinethBurmeseSiamneseWar	Nineth Burmese-Siamnese War
wars	NorthernSevenYearsWar	Northern Seven Years War
wars	NorthernSevenYearsWar	Axtorna
wars	NorthernSevenYearsWar	Jacob Henriksson Hästesko
wars	NorthernSevenYearsWar	Daniel Rantzau
wars	OrissaBahmaniFirst	Gajapati Invasion of Telingana & Coastal Andhra
wars	OrissaBahmaniSecond	Bahmanid reconquest of Telingana
wars	OrissaBahmaniThird	Gajapati Invasion of Coastal Andhra
wars	OrissaVijayanagarFourth	Vijayanagari conquest of coastal Andhra
wars	OrissaVijayanagarSecond	Second Gajapati-Sangama War
wars	OrissaVijayanagarThird	Third Gajapati-Sangama War
wars	OttomanAlbanianWar	Ottoman-Albanian War
wars	OttomanCommonwealthWar	John III Sobieski
wars	OttomanCommonwealthWar	Lwow
wars	OttomanCommonwealthWar	Ottoman-Commonwealth War
wars	OttomanCommonwealthWar	Ibrahim Shyshman
wars	OttomanMamlukWar	Ottoman-Mamluk War
wars	OttomanNeapolitanWar	Ottoman-Neapolitan War
wars	OttomanPersianWar	Ottoman-Persian War
wars	OttomanPolishWar	Stephen III of Moldavia
wars	OttomanPolishWar	Cosmin Forest
wars	OttomanPolishWar	Jan I Olbracht
wars	OttomanPolishWar	Ottoman-Polish War
wars	OttomanSafavidWar	Ottoman-Safavid War
wars	OttomanSafavidWar	Ismail I
wars	OttomanSafavidWar	Chaldiran
wars	OttomanSafavidWar	Selim I
wars	OttomanSaudiWar	Yanbu
wars	OttomanSaudiWar	Saud AL-Kabeer
wars	OttomanSaudiWar	Faisal bin Saud
wars	OttomanSaudiWar	Diriyah
wars	OttomanSaudiWar	Jeddah
wars	OttomanSaudiWar	Ibrahim Pasha
wars	OttomanSaudiWar	Abdullah I
wars	OttomanSaudiWar	Mecca
wars	OttomanSaudiWar	Al-Safra
wars	OttomanSaudiWar	Medina
wars	OttomanSaudiWar	Ottoman-Saudi War
wars	OttomanSaudiWar	Najd
wars	OttomanSaudiWar	Tusun Pasha
wars	OttomanWallachianWar	Michael the Brave
wars	OttomanWallachianWar	Ottoman-Wallachian War
wars	OttomanWallachianWar	Sinan Pasha
wars	OttomanWallachianWar	Calugareni
wars	OudhBengal	Oudh invasion of Bengal
wars	PalatinateWar	Friedrich von Baden
wars	PalatinateWar	Wimpfen
wars	PalatinateWar	War in the Palatinate
wars	PalatinateWar	Höchst
wars	PalatinateWar	Johann Tserclaes von Tilly
wars	PalatinateWar	Christian
wars	PazziWar	Pazzi War
wars	PeasantRevoltsInChina	Peasant Revolts in China
wars	PeninsularWar	Badajoz
wars	PeninsularWar	Francisco Castaños
wars	PeninsularWar	Charles de Lefebvre
wars	PeninsularWar	Jean-Andoche Junot
wars	PeninsularWar	Louis Gabriel Suchet
wars	PeninsularWar	Bailén
wars	PeninsularWar	San Marcial
wars	PeninsularWar	Tamamés
wars	PeninsularWar	André Masséna
wars	PeninsularWar	Jeannot de Moncey
wars	PeninsularWar	El Bruc
wars	PeninsularWar	Claude Victor
wars	PeninsularWar	Auguste Marmont
wars	PeninsularWar	Manuel Freire
wars	PeninsularWar	Nicolas Jean Dieu Soult
wars	PeninsularWar	Theodor von Redding
wars	PeninsularWar	Andrew Blayney
wars	PeninsularWar	Nicolas Jean de Dieu Soult
wars	PeninsularWar	Jean Lannes
wars	PeninsularWar	Schwartz
wars	PeninsularWar	Vimeiro
wars	PeninsularWar	Pierre Augereau
wars	PeninsularWar	Salamanca
wars	PeninsularWar	Benito de San Juan
wars	PeninsularWar	Nive
wars	PeninsularWar	Joaquín Venegas
wars	PeninsularWar	Buçaco
wars	PeninsularWar	Cabezón
wars	PeninsularWar	Henri Delaborde
wars	PeninsularWar	Toulouse
wars	PeninsularWar	William Beresford
wars	PeninsularWar	Pyrenees
wars	PeninsularWar	Alcaniz
wars	PeninsularWar	Somosierra
wars	PeninsularWar	Medellin
wars	PeninsularWar	María
wars	PeninsularWar	Zaragoza
wars	PeninsularWar	Duque del Parque
wars	PeninsularWar	François Joseph Lefebvre
wars	PeninsularWar	Vitoria
wars	PeninsularWar	Michel Ney
wars	PeninsularWar	Laurent Gouvion Saint-Cyr
wars	PeninsularWar	Philippon
wars	PeninsularWar	Nivelle
wars	PeninsularWar	Almonacid
wars	PeninsularWar	Tudela
wars	PeninsularWar	Nicolas Soult
wars	PeninsularWar	Linhas de Torres
wars	PeninsularWar	Jean-Baptiste Bessières
wars	PeninsularWar	Valls
wars	PeninsularWar	Villafranca
wars	PeninsularWar	Horace François de Sébastiani
wars	PeninsularWar	Pierre Dupont
wars	PeninsularWar	José de Mendizábal
wars	PeninsularWar	Robert Craufurd
wars	PeninsularWar	Fuengirola
wars	PeninsularWar	Girona
wars	PeninsularWar	Albuera
wars	PeninsularWar	Joaquín Blake
wars	PeninsularWar	Peninsular War
wars	PeninsularWar	Mariano Alvarez de Castro
wars	PeninsularWar	José de Palafox y Melzi
wars	PeninsularWar	Roliça
wars	PeninsularWar	John Moore
wars	PeninsularWar	Talavera
wars	PeninsularWar	Côa
wars	PeninsularWar	Juan de Arizagua
wars	PeninsularWar	Franciszek Mlokosiewicz
wars	PeninsularWar	Jean-Baptiste Jourdan
wars	PeninsularWar	Burgos
wars	PeninsularWar	Conde de Belveder
wars	PeninsularWar	Arthur Wellesley
wars	PeninsularWar	Pancorbo
wars	PeninsularWar	Corunna
wars	PeninsularWar	Gregorio de la Cuesta
wars	PeninsularWar	Espinosa
wars	PeninsularWar	Medina del Rio Seco
wars	PeninsularWar	Napoléon Bonaparte
wars	PeninsularWar	Joseph Bonaparte
wars	PeninsularWar	Ocana
wars	PeninsularWar	Fuentes de Onoro
wars	PeninsularWar	Franch
wars	PersianBalochWar	Persian-Mughal War
wars	PersianMughalWar	Nadir Shah
wars	PersianMughalWar	Persian-Mughal War
wars	PersianMughalWar	Muhammad Shah
wars	PolishMuscoviteWar	Sigismund III
wars	PolishMuscoviteWar	Fyodor Mstislavsky
wars	PolishMuscoviteWar	Mikhail Borisovich Shein
wars	PolishMuscoviteWar	Smolensk
wars	PolishMuscoviteWar	Russo-Commonwealth War
wars	PolishMuscoviteWar	Klushino
wars	PolishMuscoviteWar	False Dmitriy I
wars	PolishMuscoviteWar	Dmitry Shuisky
wars	PolishMuscoviteWar	Dobrynichi
wars	PolishSwedishWar	Jan Karol Chodkiewicz
wars	PolishSwedishWar	Karl IX
wars	PolishSwedishWar	Kircholm
wars	PolishSwedishWar	First Commonwealth-Swedish War
wars	PortugueseConquestOfTangiers	Portuguese Conquest of Tangiers
wars	PortugueseMuslimWar	War for Portuguese Naval Supremacy
wars	PortugueseRestorationWar	Baron of Mollingen
wars	PortugueseRestorationWar	Don Juan José de Austria
wars	PortugueseRestorationWar	Castel Rodrigo
wars	PortugueseRestorationWar	Duke of Osuna
wars	PortugueseRestorationWar	Luis de Benavides Carrillo
wars	PortugueseRestorationWar	Montes Claros
wars	PortugueseRestorationWar	Matias de Albuquerque
wars	PortugueseRestorationWar	Ameixial
wars	PortugueseRestorationWar	António Luís de Meneses
wars	PortugueseRestorationWar	Elvas
wars	PortugueseRestorationWar	Sancho Manoel de Vilhena
wars	PortugueseRestorationWar	Pedro Jacques de Magalhães
wars	PortugueseRestorationWar	Montijo
wars	PortugueseRestorationWar	Luis de Haro
wars	PortugueseRestorationWar	Portuguese Restoration War
wars	PortugueseSuccessionWar	Duque de Alba
wars	PortugueseSuccessionWar	Battle of Alcantara
wars	PortugueseSuccessionWar	Portuguese Succession War
wars	PortugueseSuccessionWar	António I
wars	PratapSinghsWar	Pratap Singhs War
wars	PreludePolishSwedishWar	Prelude to the Commonwealth-Swedish War
wars	QaraQoyunluInvasionOfPersia	Shah Jahan's invasion of Persia
wars	QuasiWar	Quasi War
wars	RajputRebellion	Rajput Rebellion
wars	RajputsMughal	Rajput Mughal War
wars	ReddyOriyaWar	Kalipendras Conquest of the Reddy Kingdom
wars	RevoltofAlaaldawla	Ulugh Begs Conquest of Khorasan
wars	RevoltOfLizicheng	Revolt of Li Zicheng
wars	RevoltofMarshArabs	Revolt of the Marsh Arabs
wars	RevoltofMuhammadbinBaysonqor	Revolt of Muhammad bin Baysonqor
wars	RevoltOfTheThreeFeudatories	Revolt of the Three Feudatories
wars	RussoPersianWar	Russo-Persian War
wars	RussoPolishWar	Russo-Commonwealth War
wars	RussoSwedishIngriaWar	Russo-Swedish War
wars	RussoSwedishWar	Russo-Swedish War
wars	RussoTurkishWar	Russo-Turkish War
wars	SaxonBrotherWar	Sächsischer Bruderkrieg
wars	SaxonEastFrisianWar	East Frisian Claim War
wars	SchmalkaldicWar	Mühlberg
wars	SchmalkaldicWar	Charles V
wars	SchmalkaldicWar	Schmalkaldic War
wars	SchmalkaldicWar	John Frederick I
wars	SecondAngloDutchWar	Second Anglo-Dutch War
wars	SecondAngloDutchWar	Michiel de Ruyter
wars	SecondAngloDutchWar	George Monck
wars	SecondAngloDutchWar	Jacob van Wassenaer Obdam
wars	SecondAngloDutchWar	North Foreland
wars	SecondAngloDutchWar	Lowestoft
wars	SecondAngloDutchWar	James Stuart
wars	SecondAngloMarathaWar	Assaye
wars	SecondAngloMarathaWar	Bourquin
wars	SecondAngloMarathaWar	Second Anglo-Maratha War
wars	SecondAngloMarathaWar	Arthur Wellesley
wars	SecondAngloMarathaWar	Ragojee Bhonsla
wars	SecondAngloMarathaWar	Delhi
wars	SecondAngloMarathaWar	Gerard Lake
wars	SecondAngloSpanishWar	Second Anglo-Spanish War
wars	SecondAragoneseSuccessionWar	Second Aragonese Succession War
wars	SecondBarbaryWar	Second Barbary War
wars	SecondBishopsWar	Alexander Leslie
wars	SecondBishopsWar	Newburn
wars	SecondBishopsWar	Conway
wars	SecondBishopsWar	Second Bishops War
wars	SecondBurmeseAssameseWar	Second Burmese-Assamese War
wars	SecondBurmeseSiamneseWar	Second Burmese-Siamnese War
wars	SecondCarnaticWar	The second Carnatic War
wars	SecondFrancoHabsburgWar	Second Franco-Habsburg War
wars	SecondInterTimuridWar	Ibrahim Mirza
wars	SecondInterTimuridWar	Sarakhs
wars	SecondInterTimuridWar	AbÃ» Sa'id
wars	SecondInterTimuridWar	Khorasani Invasion of Transoxiana
wars	SecondItalianWar	Second Italian War
wars	SecondKalpiWar	Second Kalpi War
wars	SecondKandaharWar	Second Mughal-Persian War over Kandahar
wars	SecondMuscoviteLithuanianWar	Vedrosha
wars	SecondMuscoviteLithuanianWar	Second Muscovite-Lithuanian War
wars	SecondMuscoviteLithuanianWar	Konstantin Ostrogski
wars	SecondMuscoviteLithuanianWar	Daniil Shchenya
wars	SecondMysoreWar	Second Mysore War
wars	SecondOttomanByzantineWar	Second Ottoman-Byzantine War
wars	SecondOttomanHungarianWar.txt	Second Ottoman-Hungarian War
wars	SecondOttomanMamlukWar	Second Ottoman-Mamluk War
wars	SecondOttomanPersianWar	Second Ottoman Persian War
wars	SecondOttomanSafavidWar	Second Ottoman-Safavid War
wars	SecondOttomanVenetianWar	Second Ottoman-Venetian War
wars	SecondOttomanVenetianWar	Uzun Hasan
wars	SecondOttomanVenetianWar	Otluk Beli
wars	SecondOttomanVenetianWar	Mehmet II
wars	SecondPolishSwedishWar	Second Commonwealth-Swedish War
wars	SecondRussoPersianWar	Second Russo-Persian War
wars	SecondRussoSwedishWar	Viborg
wars	SecondRussoSwedishWar	Reval
wars	SecondRussoSwedishWar	Charles of Nassau-Siegen
wars	SecondRussoSwedishWar	Hogland
wars	SecondRussoSwedishWar	Öland
wars	SecondRussoSwedishWar	Second Russo-Swedish War
wars	SecondRussoSwedishWar	Gustav III
wars	SecondRussoSwedishWar	Karl of Södermanland
wars	SecondRussoSwedishWar	Vasili Chichagov
wars	SecondRussoSwedishWar	Svensksund
wars	SecondRussoSwedishWar	Samuel Greigh
wars	SecondRussuTurkishWar	Second Russo-Turkish War
wars	SecondSiameseBurmeseWar	Second Siamese-Burmese War
wars	SekigaharaCampaign	Sekigahara Campaign
wars	SengokuWars	Onin War
wars	SeventhBurmeseSiamneseWar	Sixth Burmese-Siamnese War
wars	SeventhOttomanSafavidWar	Seventh Ottoman-Safavid War
wars	SeventhSiameseBurmeseWar	Seventh Siamese-Burmese War
wars	SevenYearsWar	Frederick the Great
wars	SevenYearsWar	Kunersdorf
wars	SevenYearsWar	Krefeld
wars	SevenYearsWar	Prague
wars	SevenYearsWar	Willem Fermor
wars	SevenYearsWar	Seven Years War
wars	SevenYearsWar	Torgau
wars	SevenYearsWar	Hastenbeck
wars	SevenYearsWar	William Augustus
wars	SevenYearsWar	Maximilian Ulysses
wars	SevenYearsWar	August Wilhelm
wars	SevenYearsWar	Zorndorf
wars	SevenYearsWar	Le Comte de Clermont
wars	SevenYearsWar	Rossbach
wars	SevenYearsWar	Lobositz
wars	SevenYearsWar	Ernst von Laudon
wars	SevenYearsWar	Reichenberg
wars	SevenYearsWar	Kolin
wars	SevenYearsWar	Leuthen
wars	SevenYearsWar	Ferdinand of Brunswick
wars	SevenYearsWar	Breslau
wars	SevenYearsWar	Marshal von Bevern
wars	SevenYearsWar	Louis Charles d'Estrées
wars	SevenYearsWar	Count Königsegg
wars	SevenYearsWar	Charles of Lorraine
wars	SevenYearsWar	Charles de Rohan
wars	SevenYearsWar	Stepan Fedorovich Apraksin
wars	SevenYearsWar	Leopold Josef Graf Daun
wars	SevenYearsWar	Charles de Lorraine
wars	SevenYearsWar	Gross-Jägersdorf
wars	SevenYearsWar	Hans von Lehwaldt
wars	SevenYearsWar	Leopold Josef
wars	SherShahGujarat	Suri Gujarat Campaign
wars	ShybanidInvasionOfKhorasan	Uzbek invasion of Khorasan
wars	ShyMughalWar	Mughal-Uzbek War
wars	SHYTIMWAR	Timurid-Uzbek War
wars	SiameseVietnameseWar	Siamese-Vietnamese War
wars	SixthBurmeseSiamneseWar	Sixth Burmese-Siamnese War
wars	SixthOttomanHabsburgWar	Ahmed Koprulu
wars	SixthOttomanHabsburgWar	Saint Gotthard
wars	SixthOttomanHabsburgWar	Sixth Ottoman-Habsburg War
wars	SixthOttomanHabsburgWar	Raimondo Montecuccoli
wars	SixthOttomanSafavidWar	Sixth Ottoman-Safavid War
wars	SixthSiameseBurmeseWar	Sixth Siamese-Burmese War
wars	SmolenskWar	Smolensk War
wars	SpanishConquestOfMelilla	Spanish Conquest of Melilla
wars	StenSturesRebellion	Sten Sture Rebellion
wars	SubjugationOfChugoku	Subjugation of Chugoku
wars	SubjugationOfKanto	Subjugation of Kanto
wars	SubjugationOfKyushu	Subjugation of Kyushu
wars	SurMughaDelhi	Mughal Reconquest of Hindusthan
wars	SurMughal	Sher Shah Sur's Campaign against Humayun
wars	SurMughalAgain	Mughal Reconquest of Punjab
wars	SurMughalBihar	Suri Invasion of Jaunpur
wars	SurSind	Sher Shah's Eastern Campaign
wars	SwabianWar	Hard
wars	SwabianWar	Maximilian
wars	SwabianWar	Swabian War
wars	SwabianWar	Wilhelm Tell
wars	SwedishCampaignAgainstNorway	Swedish Campaign Against Norway
wars	SwedishDanishWar	Swedish-Danish War
wars	SwedishWarOfLiberation	Swedish War of Liberation
wars	SwissConquestOfThurgau	Swiss Conquest of the Thurgau
wars	TalikotaWar	Talikota
wars	TalikotaWar	Deccani war against Vijayanagar
wars	TalikotaWar	Rama Raya Aravidu
wars	TalikotaWar	Nizam Shah I
wars	TenthBurmeseSiamneseWar	Tenth Burmese-Siamnese War
wars	TheDeluge	Russo-Polish War
wars	TheDelugeSWE	Boguslaw Radziwill
wars	TheDelugeSWE	Czarniecki
wars	TheDelugeSWE	Deluge
wars	TheDelugeSWE	Jan Kazimierz
wars	TheDelugeSWE	Warka
wars	TheDelugeSWE	Prostki
wars	TheDelugeSWE	Karl X
wars	TheDelugeSWE	Warsaw
wars	TheDelugeSWE	Frederick
wars	TheDelugeSWE	Wincenty Korwin Gosiewski
wars	TheEnglishCivilWar	English Civil War
wars	TheLongWar	The Long War
wars	TheLongWar	Maximilian Habsburg
wars	TheLongWar	Mehmet II
wars	TheLongWar	Keresztes
wars	TheRoughWooing	Rough Wooing
wars	ThirdAngloMarathaWar	Third Anglo-Maratha War
wars	ThirdAngloMysoreWar	Third Anglo-Mysore War
wars	ThirdBurmeseSiamneseWar	Third Burmese-Siamnese War
wars	ThirdOttomanHabsburgWar	Third Ottoman-Habsburg War
wars	ThirdOttomanSafavidWar	Third Ottoman-Safavid War
wars	ThirdOttomanVenetianWar	Third Ottoman-Venetian War
wars	ThirdOttomanVenetianWar	Kemal Reis
wars	ThirdOttomanVenetianWar	Zonchio
wars	ThirdOttomanVenetianWar	Antonio Grimani
wars	ThirdPolishSwedishWar	Third Commonwealth-Swedish War
wars	ThirdRussoPersianWar	Third Russo-Persian War
wars	ThirdRussoTurkishWar	Third Russo-Turkish War
wars	ThirdSiameseBurmeseWar	Third Siamese-Burmese War
wars	ThirteenYearsWar	Bernard Szumborski
wars	ThirteenYearsWar	Casimir IV
wars	ThirteenYearsWar	Fritz Raweneck
wars	ThirteenYearsWar	Swiecino
wars	ThirteenYearsWar	Piotr Dunin
wars	ThirteenYearsWar	Chojnice
wars	ThirteenYearsWar	Thirteen Years War
wars	ThirtyYearsWar	Johann von Werth
wars	ThirtyYearsWar	Gustavus Adolphus
wars	ThirtyYearsWar	Rocroi
wars	ThirtyYearsWar	Melchior von Hatzfeldt
wars	ThirtyYearsWar	Gustav Horn
wars	ThirtyYearsWar	Thirty Years War
wars	ThirtyYearsWar	Ferdinand III
wars	ThirtyYearsWar	Gustav Adolf
wars	ThirtyYearsWar	Jean Francois de La Guiche
wars	ThirtyYearsWar	Francisco de Melo
wars	ThirtyYearsWar	Breitenfeld
wars	ThirtyYearsWar	Vicomte de Turenne
wars	ThirtyYearsWar	Johan Banér
wars	ThirtyYearsWar	Albrecht von Wallenstein
wars	ThirtyYearsWar	Lützen
wars	ThirtyYearsWar	Lens
wars	ThirtyYearsWar	Johan Tzerclaes
wars	ThirtyYearsWar	Nördlingen
wars	ThirtyYearsWar	Leopold Wilhelm
wars	ThirtyYearsWar	Honnecourt
wars	ThirtyYearsWar	Louis II
wars	ThirtyYearsWar	Wittstock
wars	TimuridCivilWar	Timurid Brothers War
wars	TrinhNguyenWar	Trinh-Nguyen War
wars	UlughBegvsBaburbinBaysinqor	Timurid Brothers War
wars	UmmaturRevolt	Subjugation of the Ummatur Chiefs
wars	UsunHasanWar	JahÃ¢n ShÃ¢h
wars	UsunHasanWar	Uzun Hasan
wars	UsunHasanWar	Chapakchur
wars	UsunHasanWar	War of the Black and White Sheep
wars	VenezuelanWarOfIndependence	Venezuelan War of Independence
wars	VietnameseCambodianWar	Vietnamese-Cambodian War
wars	VietnameseCivilWar	Vietnamese Civil War between the Mac and Trinh
wars	VijayanagaBijapur	War for the Bijapur-Karnatak
wars	VijayanagarBijapurLost	First Bijapuri-Vijayanagara War
wars	VijayanagarBijapurSecond	Conquest of the Raichur Doab
wars	WallachianOttomanWar	Mehmed II
wars	WallachianOttomanWar	Targoviste
wars	WallachianOttomanWar	Vlad III
wars	WallachianOttomanWar	Wallachian-Ottoman War
wars	Warof1812	Stoney Creek
wars	Warof1812	Isaac Brock
wars	Warof1812	George Prevost
wars	Warof1812	Queenston Heights
wars	Warof1812	Roger Sheaffe
wars	Warof1812	York
wars	Warof1812	Chateauguay
wars	Warof1812	Ogdensburg
wars	Warof1812	Jacob Brown
wars	Warof1812	John Chandler
wars	Warof1812	Stephen Van Rensselaer
wars	Warof1812	Robert Ross
wars	Warof1812	Wade Hampton
wars	Warof1812	Bladensburg
wars	Warof1812	Zebulon Pike 
wars	Warof1812	William Mulcaster
wars	Warof1812	Charles de Salaberry
wars	Warof1812	War of 1812
wars	Warof1812	Chippawa
wars	Warof1812	Detroit
wars	Warof1812	Henry Dearborn
wars	Warof1812	Plattsburgh
wars	Warof1812	Crysler's farm
wars	Warof1812	Benjamin Forsyth
wars	Warof1812	Thomas MacDonough
wars	Warof1812	James Wilkinson
wars	Warof1812	George MacDonnell
wars	Warof1812	William H. Winder
wars	Warof1812	Phineas Riall
wars	Warof1812	William Hull
wars	Warof1812	Lacolle Mills
wars	Warof1812	John Vincent
wars	WarOfCastro	War of Castro
wars	WarOfDevolution	War of Devolution
wars	WarOfDevolution	Henri de la Tour d'Auvergne
wars	WarOfDevolution	Carlos
wars	WarOfDevolution	Lille
wars	WarOfJenkinsEar	War of Jenkins' Ear
wars	WarOfLombardy	War of Lombardy
wars	WarOfNineArmies	War of Nine Armies
wars	WarOfTheAustrianSuccession	War of the Austrian Succession
wars	WarOfTheAustrianSuccession	Dettingen
wars	WarOfTheAustrianSuccession	Fontenoy
wars	WarOfTheAustrianSuccession	Frederick the Great
wars	WarOfTheAustrianSuccession	Moritz Graf von Sachsen
wars	WarOfTheAustrianSuccession	William Augustus
wars	WarOfTheAustrianSuccession	Reinhard von Neipperg
wars	WarOfTheAustrianSuccession	duc de Noailles
wars	WarOfTheAustrianSuccession	Mollwitz
wars	WarOfTheAustrianSuccession	George II
wars	WarOfTheBavarianSuccession	Potato War
wars	WarOfTheBurgundianSuccession	War of the Burgundian Succession
wars	WarOfTheCambodianSuccession	War of the Cambodian Succession
wars	WarOfTheFifthCoalition	Johann of Austria
wars	WarOfTheFifthCoalition	Raszyn
wars	WarOfTheFifthCoalition	Abensberg
wars	WarOfTheFifthCoalition	Aspern-Essling
wars	WarOfTheFifthCoalition	André Masséna
wars	WarOfTheFifthCoalition	Ferdinand Karl Joseph
wars	WarOfTheFifthCoalition	Wagram
wars	WarOfTheFifthCoalition	Louis Nicolas Davout
wars	WarOfTheFifthCoalition	Piave River
wars	WarOfTheFifthCoalition	War of the Fifth Coalition
wars	WarOfTheFifthCoalition	Baron de Coutaud
wars	WarOfTheFifthCoalition	Ebersberg
wars	WarOfTheFifthCoalition	Eugène de Beauharnais
wars	WarOfTheFifthCoalition	Eugene de Beauharnais
wars	WarOfTheFifthCoalition	Raab
wars	WarOfTheFifthCoalition	Hiller
wars	WarOfTheFifthCoalition	Sacile
wars	WarOfTheFifthCoalition	Archduke Charles
wars	WarOfTheFifthCoalition	Napoléon Bonaparte
wars	WarOfTheFifthCoalition	Ratisbon
wars	WarOfTheFifthCoalition	Charles of Austria
wars	WarOfTheFifthCoalition	Teugen
wars	WarOfTheFirstCoalition	Valmy
wars	WarOfTheFirstCoalition	Jacques François Dugommier
wars	WarOfTheFirstCoalition	General Lamarche
wars	WarOfTheFirstCoalition	Dumouriez
wars	WarOfTheFirstCoalition	Auguste Dagobert
wars	WarOfTheFirstCoalition	Tuncq
wars	WarOfTheFirstCoalition	Count Argenteau
wars	WarOfTheFirstCoalition	Josias of Coburg
wars	WarOfTheFirstCoalition	Dego
wars	WarOfTheFirstCoalition	Frederick, Duke of York
wars	WarOfTheFirstCoalition	Michaud
wars	WarOfTheFirstCoalition	Ignace d'Oyré
wars	WarOfTheFirstCoalition	William Hotham
wars	WarOfTheFirstCoalition	Antonio Ricardos
wars	WarOfTheFirstCoalition	Jemappes
wars	WarOfTheFirstCoalition	Louis Thomas Villaret de Joyeuse
wars	WarOfTheFirstCoalition	Richard Howe
wars	WarOfTheFirstCoalition	Vosges
wars	WarOfTheFirstCoalition	Rovereto
wars	WarOfTheFirstCoalition	József Alvinczi
wars	WarOfTheFirstCoalition	Mainz
wars	WarOfTheFirstCoalition	Luis Firmin
wars	WarOfTheFirstCoalition	Hyères Islands
wars	WarOfTheFirstCoalition	Montenotte
wars	WarOfTheFirstCoalition	Famars
wars	WarOfTheFirstCoalition	von Möllendorf
wars	WarOfTheFirstCoalition	Truillas
wars	WarOfTheFirstCoalition	Dagobert von Wurmser
wars	WarOfTheFirstCoalition	Prince of Coburg
wars	WarOfTheFirstCoalition	Ushant
wars	WarOfTheFirstCoalition	Genoa
wars	WarOfTheFirstCoalition	Tourcoing
wars	WarOfTheFirstCoalition	San-Lorenzo de la Muga
wars	WarOfTheFirstCoalition	Wattignies
wars	WarOfTheFirstCoalition	Duke of Brunswick
wars	WarOfTheFirstCoalition	Albert of Saxe-Teschen
wars	WarOfTheFirstCoalition	Lodi
wars	WarOfTheFirstCoalition	Bassano
wars	WarOfTheFirstCoalition	Friedrich von Kalckreuth
wars	WarOfTheFirstCoalition	Napoleon Bonaparte
wars	WarOfTheFirstCoalition	Tournay
wars	WarOfTheFirstCoalition	Joseph Souham
wars	WarOfTheFirstCoalition	Martin
wars	WarOfTheFirstCoalition	Luçon
wars	WarOfTheFirstCoalition	Jean-Baptiste Jourdan
wars	WarOfTheFirstCoalition	Paul Davidovich
wars	WarOfTheFirstCoalition	Arcole
wars	WarOfTheFirstCoalition	Charles François Dumouriez
wars	WarOfTheFirstCoalition	Napoléon Bonaparte
wars	WarOfTheFirstCoalition	Sebottendorf
wars	WarOfTheFirstCoalition	War of the First Coalition
wars	WarOfTheFirstCoalition	Jean-Charles Pichegru
wars	WarOfTheFirstCoalition	Gigot dElbée
wars	WarOfTheFourthCoaltion	Karl Wilhelm Ferdinand
wars	WarOfTheFourthCoaltion	Maida
wars	WarOfTheFourthCoaltion	Levin August Theophil
wars	WarOfTheFourthCoaltion	Dmitriy Golitsyn
wars	WarOfTheFourthCoaltion	Heilsberg
wars	WarOfTheFourthCoaltion	Saalfeld
wars	WarOfTheFourthCoaltion	Jena-Auerstedt
wars	WarOfTheFourthCoaltion	Friedland
wars	WarOfTheFourthCoaltion	Louis Ferdinand
wars	WarOfTheFourthCoaltion	Eylau
wars	WarOfTheFourthCoaltion	Pultusk
wars	WarOfTheFourthCoaltion	Joachim Murat
wars	WarOfTheFourthCoaltion	War of the Fourth Coalition
wars	WarOfTheFourthCoaltion	Napoléon Bonaparte
wars	WarOfTheFourthCoaltion	Reynier
wars	WarOfTheFourthCoaltion	Golymin
wars	WarOfTheFourthCoaltion	John Stuart
wars	WarOfTheFourthCoaltion	Dmitriy Vladimirovich Golitsyn
wars	WarOfTheGrandAlliance	Duke of Savoy
wars	WarOfTheGrandAlliance	War of the Grand Alliance
wars	WarOfTheGrandAlliance	Neerwinden
wars	WarOfTheGrandAlliance	William III
wars	WarOfTheGrandAlliance	Prince of Waldeck
wars	WarOfTheGrandAlliance	Torroella
wars	WarOfTheGrandAlliance	Staffarda
wars	WarOfTheGrandAlliance	Marsaglia
wars	WarOfTheGrandAlliance	Duc de Noailles
wars	WarOfTheGrandAlliance	Francois Henri de Montmorency-Boutewille
wars	WarOfTheGrandAlliance	Marquis of Villena-Escalona
wars	WarOfTheGrandAlliance	Nicolas Catinat
wars	WarOfTheGrandAlliance	Duc de Luxembourg
wars	WarOfTheGrandAlliance	The Duke of Savoy
wars	WarOfTheGrandAlliance	Steenkerque
wars	WarOfTheGrandAlliance	Fleurus
wars	WarOfTheHolyLeague	Francois Eugene of Savoy
wars	WarOfTheHolyLeague	Mt. Harsan
wars	WarOfTheHolyLeague	Mustafa II
wars	WarOfTheHolyLeague	Charles V
wars	WarOfTheHolyLeague	Louis William
wars	WarOfTheHolyLeague	Mustafa Köprülü
wars	WarOfTheHolyLeague	Zenta
wars	WarOfTheHolyLeague	Slankamen
wars	WarOfTheHolyLeague	Vienna
wars	WarOfTheHolyLeague	Muhammad IV
wars	WarOfTheHolyLeague	War of the Holy League
wars	WarOfTheHolyLeague	Jan III Sobieski
wars	WarOfTheHolyLeague	Merzifonlu Kara Mustafa Pasha
wars	WarOfTheLeagueOfCambrai	René de Clermont
wars	WarOfTheLeagueOfCambrai	James IV
wars	WarOfTheLeagueOfCambrai	La Motta
wars	WarOfTheLeagueOfCambrai	Thomas Howard
wars	WarOfTheLeagueOfCambrai	Maximilian Sforza
wars	WarOfTheLeagueOfCambrai	Novara
wars	WarOfTheLeagueOfCambrai	St Mathieu
wars	WarOfTheLeagueOfCambrai	Maximilian I
wars	WarOfTheLeagueOfCambrai	Louis XII
wars	WarOfTheLeagueOfCambrai	Francis I
wars	WarOfTheLeagueOfCambrai	Ramon de Cardona
wars	WarOfTheLeagueOfCambrai	Agnadello
wars	WarOfTheLeagueOfCambrai	War of the League of Cambrai
wars	WarOfTheLeagueOfCambrai	Bartolomeo d'Alviano
wars	WarOfTheLeagueOfCambrai	Edward Howard
wars	WarOfTheLeagueOfCambrai	Ravenna
wars	WarOfTheLeagueOfCambrai	Marignano
wars	WarOfTheLeagueOfCambrai	Nicolo di Pitigliano
wars	WarOfTheLeagueOfCambrai	Padua
wars	WarOfTheLeagueOfCambrai	Gaston de Foix
wars	WarOfTheLeagueOfCambrai	Flodden
wars	WarOfTheLeagueOfCambrai	Louis de la Trémoille
wars	WarOfTheLeagueOfCognac	Landriano
wars	WarOfTheLeagueOfCognac	Duke of St. Pol
wars	WarOfTheLeagueOfCognac	Luigi
wars	WarOfTheLeagueOfCognac	War of the League of Cognac
wars	WarOfTheLeagueOfThePublicWeal	War of the League of the Public Weal
wars	WarOfTheLeagueOfThePublicWeal	Montlhery
wars	WarOfTheLeagueOfThePublicWeal	Charles the Bold
wars	WarOfTheLeagueOfThePublicWeal	Louis XI
wars	WarOfThePolishSuccession	War of the Polish Succession
wars	WarOfTheQuadrupleAlliance	War of the Quadruple Alliance
wars	WarOfTheReunions	War of the Reunions
wars	WarOfTheSecondCoalition	Stockash
wars	WarOfTheSecondCoalition	Cassano
wars	WarOfTheSecondCoalition	Marengo
wars	WarOfTheSecondCoalition	Johann of Austria
wars	WarOfTheSecondCoalition	Novi
wars	WarOfTheSecondCoalition	Ahmad Basha al-Jazzar
wars	WarOfTheSecondCoalition	André Masséna
wars	WarOfTheSecondCoalition	War of the Second Coalition
wars	WarOfTheSecondCoalition	Trebbia
wars	WarOfTheSecondCoalition	Barthélemy Catherine Joubert
wars	WarOfTheSecondCoalition	Alexander Suvorov
wars	WarOfTheSecondCoalition	Michael von Melas
wars	WarOfTheSecondCoalition	Ralph Abercromby
wars	WarOfTheSecondCoalition	General Moreau
wars	WarOfTheSecondCoalition	Étienne MacDonald
wars	WarOfTheSecondCoalition	Genoa
wars	WarOfTheSecondCoalition	Louis Friant
wars	WarOfTheSecondCoalition	Napoleon Bonaparte
wars	WarOfTheSecondCoalition	Hohenlinden
wars	WarOfTheSecondCoalition	Jean Victor Marie Moreau
wars	WarOfTheSecondCoalition	Abukir
wars	WarOfTheSecondCoalition	Zürich
wars	WarOfTheSecondCoalition	Archduke Charles
wars	WarOfTheSecondCoalition	Jean-Baptiste Jourdan
wars	WarOfTheSecondCoalition	Tabor
wars	WarOfTheSecondCoalition	Napoléon Bonaparte
wars	WarOfTheSixthCoalition	Maloyaroslavets
wars	WarOfTheSixthCoalition	Karl Philipp von Wrede
wars	WarOfTheSixthCoalition	Polotsk
wars	WarOfTheSixthCoalition	Tarutino
wars	WarOfTheSixthCoalition	Borodino
wars	WarOfTheSixthCoalition	Berezina
wars	WarOfTheSixthCoalition	Hanau
wars	WarOfTheSixthCoalition	Ney Junot
wars	WarOfTheSixthCoalition	Karl Philipp
wars	WarOfTheSixthCoalition	Peter Wittgenstein
wars	WarOfTheSixthCoalition	Claude Victor
wars	WarOfTheSixthCoalition	Paris
wars	WarOfTheSixthCoalition	Leipzig
wars	WarOfTheSixthCoalition	Claude Victor-Perrin
wars	WarOfTheSixthCoalition	Louis Nicolas Davout
wars	WarOfTheSixthCoalition	Bautzen
wars	WarOfTheSixthCoalition	Gebhard von Blücher
wars	WarOfTheSixthCoalition	Levin August von Bennigsen
wars	WarOfTheSixthCoalition	Dominique Vandamme
wars	WarOfTheSixthCoalition	Mikhail Kutuzov
wars	WarOfTheSixthCoalition	La Rothière
wars	WarOfTheSixthCoalition	Étienne MacDonald
wars	WarOfTheSixthCoalition	Chashniki
wars	WarOfTheSixthCoalition	Laurent Gouvion Saint-Cyr
wars	WarOfTheSixthCoalition	Vyazma
wars	WarOfTheSixthCoalition	Smolensk
wars	WarOfTheSixthCoalition	Valutino
wars	WarOfTheSixthCoalition	Eugène de Beauharnais
wars	WarOfTheSixthCoalition	Joachim Murat
wars	WarOfTheSixthCoalition	Smoliani
wars	WarOfTheSixthCoalition	Dresden
wars	WarOfTheSixthCoalition	Alexander Ostermann-Tolstoy
wars	WarOfTheSixthCoalition	Schwarzenberg
wars	WarOfTheSixthCoalition	Kulm
wars	WarOfTheSixthCoalition	Klyatitsy
wars	WarOfTheSixthCoalition	War of the Sixth Coalition
wars	WarOfTheSixthCoalition	Ostrovno
wars	WarOfTheSixthCoalition	Mikhail Illarionovich Kutuzov
wars	WarOfTheSixthCoalition	Krasnoi
wars	WarOfTheSixthCoalition	Joseph Bonaparte
wars	WarOfTheSixthCoalition	Napoléon Bonaparte
wars	WarOfTheSixthCoalition	Katzbach
wars	WarOfTheSixthCoalition	Mikhail Miloradovich
wars	WarOfTheSixthCoalition	Arcis-sur-Aube
wars	WarOfTheSixthCoalition	Nicolas Oudinot
wars	WarOfTheSpanishSuccession	Duke of Marlbourough
wars	WarOfTheSpanishSuccession	Almenara
wars	WarOfTheSpanishSuccession	Louis Joseph de Vendome
wars	WarOfTheSpanishSuccession	James Fitz James
wars	WarOfTheSpanishSuccession	Francisco de Villandarias
wars	WarOfTheSpanishSuccession	Louis William
wars	WarOfTheSpanishSuccession	Duc de Vendôme
wars	WarOfTheSpanishSuccession	Marquis de Ruvigny
wars	WarOfTheSpanishSuccession	Almansa
wars	WarOfTheSpanishSuccession	Francisco de Villadarias
wars	WarOfTheSpanishSuccession	Comte d'Arco
wars	WarOfTheSpanishSuccession	Louis, Duke of Burgundy
wars	WarOfTheSpanishSuccession	Villaviciosa
wars	WarOfTheSpanishSuccession	Schellenberg
wars	WarOfTheSpanishSuccession	Denain
wars	WarOfTheSpanishSuccession	Francois Louis Rousselet
wars	WarOfTheSpanishSuccession	Malaga
wars	WarOfTheSpanishSuccession	Vigo Bay
wars	WarOfTheSpanishSuccession	James Stanhope
wars	WarOfTheSpanishSuccession	Luzzara
wars	WarOfTheSpanishSuccession	Louis-Alexandre de Bourbon
wars	WarOfTheSpanishSuccession	Eugene of Savoy
wars	WarOfTheSpanishSuccession	Claude-Louis-Hector de Villars
wars	WarOfTheSpanishSuccession	Zaragoza
wars	WarOfTheSpanishSuccession	Brihuega
wars	WarOfTheSpanishSuccession	Malplaquet
wars	WarOfTheSpanishSuccession	Louis Joseph de Vendôme
wars	WarOfTheSpanishSuccession	Francois-Eugene of Savoy 
wars	WarOfTheSpanishSuccession	War of the Spanish Succession
wars	WarOfTheSpanishSuccession	Marquis de Bay
wars	WarOfTheSpanishSuccession	John Churchill
wars	WarOfTheSpanishSuccession	George Rooke
wars	WarOfTheSpanishSuccession	Camille de Tallard
wars	WarOfTheSpanishSuccession	Ramillies
wars	WarOfTheSpanishSuccession	Cadiz
wars	WarOfTheSpanishSuccession	Blenheim
wars	WarOfTheSpanishSuccession	Duke of Marlborough
wars	WarOfTheSpanishSuccession	Claude de Villars
wars	WarOfTheSpanishSuccession	Oudenarde
wars	WarOfTheSpanishSuccession	Duc de Villeroi
wars	WarOfTheSpanishSuccession	Guido Starhemberg
wars	WarOfTheSpanishSuccession	Friedlingen
wars	WarOfTheThirdCoalition	Wertingen
wars	WarOfTheThirdCoalition	Haslach-Jungingen
wars	WarOfTheThirdCoalition	Pyotr Bagration
wars	WarOfTheThirdCoalition	Marshal Murat
wars	WarOfTheThirdCoalition	Amstetten
wars	WarOfTheThirdCoalition	André Masséna
wars	WarOfTheThirdCoalition	Caldiero
wars	WarOfTheThirdCoalition	War of the Third Coalition
wars	WarOfTheThirdCoalition	Dürenstein
wars	WarOfTheThirdCoalition	Trafalgar
wars	WarOfTheThirdCoalition	Ulm
wars	WarOfTheThirdCoalition	Karl Mack von Lieberich
wars	WarOfTheThirdCoalition	Pierre Dupont de l'Etang
wars	WarOfTheThirdCoalition	Pierre de Villeneuve
wars	WarOfTheThirdCoalition	Karl Mack von Liebereich
wars	WarOfTheThirdCoalition	Édouard Mortier
wars	WarOfTheThirdCoalition	Joachim Murat
wars	WarOfTheThirdCoalition	Horatio Nelson
wars	WarOfTheThirdCoalition	Austerlitz
wars	WarOfTheThirdCoalition	Aleksandr I Pavlovich
wars	WarOfTheThirdCoalition	Schöngrabern
wars	WarOfTheThirdCoalition	Franz Xavier Auffenberg
wars	WarOfTheThirdCoalition	Mikhail Illarionovich Kutuzov
wars	WarOfTheThirdCoalition	Napoléon Bonaparte
wars	WarOfTheThirdCoalition	Charles of Austria
wars	WarOfTheThirdCoalition	Robert Calder
wars	WarOfTheThirdCoalition	Cape Finisterre
wars	WarsOfLombardy	War of Lombardy
wars	ZamorinWar	The Calicut war
